Colonel Brandon is certainly younger than Mrs . Jennings , but he is old enough to be MY father ; and if he were ever animated enough to be in love , must have long outlived every sensation of the kind .
A man ' s brain must expand , if it breaks up the universe ."
I have already met with such success in two applications for pardon , that I may be in danger of thinking myself too sure of yours , and of those among your friends who have had any ground of offence .-- You must all endeavour to comprehend the exact nature of my situation when I first arrived at Randalls ; you must consider me as having a secret which was to be kept at all hazards .
Fireman 's is part of a $ 38 million syndicate that supplies business interruption insurance to the city on the Bay Bridge , which must pay employees during the three weeks or more it is expected to be out of service and deprived of toll income .
" Nay , Mamma , if he is not to be animated by Cowper !-- but we must allow for difference of taste .
She must have found the evening agreeable , Mr . Knightley , because she had Emma ."
One must pity the woman , however tiresome she made the task .
Or should we argue that if we want adjustment of children to children of different races and that that is impossible in an all-something-or-the-other school , we must at least provide him some opportunity to adjust to people of another race within the school -- namely , to a teacher of another race .
9 : 11 And they asked him , saying , Why say the scribes that Elias must first come ?
These warnings must not be treated lightly .
It is what we happily have never known any thing of ; but it must be a life of misery .
The fact that there can not be any limit points of the set except in closed intervals follows from the argument used in Lemma 1 , namely , that near any tangent point in the C-plane the curves C and Af are analytic , and therefore the difference between them must be a monotone function in some neighborhood on either side of the tangent point .
3.1 The goods and/or the work must conform in all respects with the drawings , specifications and other requirements or descriptions stated . 
" So great a lawyer , Mr . Case , as you are ," replied Sir Arthur , " must know , that a man cannot give up that to which he has no legal title ; and in this case it is impossible that , with the best intentions to oblige me in the world , you can give up this bit of land to me , because it is mine already , as I can convince you effectually by a map of the adjoining land , which I have fortunately safe amongst my papers .
But then , either Hobbes has failed to distinguish the child from at least the higher and domesticated animals or the force of ` intelligently "  must be explained in such a way as to exclude animals . 
In such an instance , revenuers stressed , the deduction must be reduced by the value of the benefit received .
Lack of consent must be proved by showing that the victim 's ` understanding and knowledge were such that she was not in a position to decide . " 
They must , therefore , be related to long-range development plans .
Time , she knew , must be allowed for this being thoroughly done ; and she could suppose herself but an indifferent judge of such matters in general , and very inadequate to sympathise in an attachment to Mr . Elton in particular ; but it seemed to her reasonable that at Harriet ' s age , and with the entire extinction of all hope , such a progress might be made towards a state of composure by the time of Mr . Elton ' s return , as to allow them all to meet again in the common routine of acquaintance , without any danger of betraying sentiments or increasing them .
He must begin , paradoxically , by becoming more selfish .
I cannot express to you the depth of my conviction that , in our own and free world interest , we must co-operate with others to help these people achieve their legitimate ambitions , as expressed in their different multi-year plans .
These crucial questions must be answered by post-attack reconnaissance .
It stated , rather that homosexuality was merely a difference in the opinion and values of the common person , but must still be respected as an individual orientation , and thus treated as one ( Resolution on Appropriate Therapeutic Responses to Sexual Orientation ) .
She begged pardon at once for -- being so free as to presume I will be read but then , ma'am , you must blame yourself for encouraging in me that letter-writing soul . 
It would be impossible to supervise everyone , but nursing care must be monitored to prevent substandard practice developing . 
` You _must_ _all_ spend your evening with us ,' said she --` I positively must have you _all_ come .'"
You may shoot with your own bow , if you choose it , or you may not , just as you think proper ; but you must not lend it , sir ."
The Hunters must be destroyed , and the liberals and voices who fail to support the Chosen Path must be annihilated . 
`` There must be a line '' ! !
` That means opening doors so that people are not denied the best education and the best health care ; it means that we must have equal opportunity , greater fairness . " 
And for that to happen you must do one day as I did , and enter the crystal cave of vision . 
` I must be bloody mad , " he groaned to himself . 
And because , unlike some fathers , I ca n't interest myself in sending a multi-coloured hedgehog spinning around a televisual roller coaster faster than Esther Rantzen changes expression from moronic merriment to Dianesque poor-thing-how-you-must-be-suffering-thank-God-I'm-not solemnity . 
The police , he concluded , must possess ` an unswerving commitment to communication and consultation within which police and the community are equal partners . " 
Obviously parents must show a degree of control here and do as I do by restricting playing time , although that is admittedly difficult with all these portable devices now on the market .
You must have guessed by now that 1-2-3 for Windows is n't the best Windows spreadsheet on the market .
We must , in consideration of his zeal , fidelity and inexperience , pardon him for not being a good judge of fish .
The Republicans must hold a primary under the county unit system -- a system which the party opposes in its platform .
There was too much domestic happiness in his brother ' s house ; woman wore too amiable a form in it ; Isabella was too much like Emma -- differing only in those striking inferiorities , which always brought the other in brilliancy before him , for much to have been done , even had his time been longer .-- He had stayed on , however , vigorously , day after day -- till this very morning ' s post had conveyed the history of Jane Fairfax .-- Then , with the gladness which must be felt , nay , which he did not scruple to feel , having never believed Frank Churchill to be at all deserving Emma , was there so much fond solicitude , so much keen anxiety for her , that he could stay no longer .
31 : 7 And Moses called unto Joshua , and said unto him in the sight of all Israel , Be strong and of a good courage : for thou must go with this people unto the land which the LORD hath sworn unto their fathers to give them ; and thou shalt cause them to inherit it .
` First , you must shed your armour and weapons . 
The two positive requirements are that the agreement must first contribute to improving the production or distribution of goods or to promoting technical or economic progress and second allow consumers a fair share of the resulting benefit .
We must make our argument clear . 
I take it that this part of the bill must have run something like this :
The downstairs door must also have been open , because I could hear the clatter of the harpsichord mechanism . 
In the distance he saw the diminished dotted boat ; and then a swift gleam of bubbling white water ; and after that nothing more ; whence it was concluded that the stricken whale must have indefinitely run away with his pursuers , as often happens .
It would be most right , and most wise , and , therefore must involve least suffering to go with the others .
Ammonia , the terminal product of protein metabolism , must be excreted rapidly and diluted to non-toxic levels in the surrounding fluids . 
You must have heard of it .'
It must have been killed in an avalanche or died in a blizzard earlier in the winter . 
Each semester every student must attend ten of the services or religious meetings .
But these thoughts Full counsel must mature .
Buster learned a long time ago that a fisherman must be patient unless , like Little Joe Otter , he is just as much at home in the water as the fish themselves , and can swim fast enough to catch them by chasing them .
After meeting him for the first time , Vincent thought that he must be wealthy . 
Betty , I must hear about it .
Since the circulating thyroid hormones are the amino acids thyroxine and tri-iodothyronine ( cf. Section C ) , it is clear that some mechanism must exist in the thyroid gland for their release from proteins before secretion .
The prime minister known as Abu Mazen must now contend with the rejection of side by side Palestinian and Israeli states .
Anyone familiar with the details of the McClellan hearings must at once realize that the sweetheart arrangements augmented employer profits far more than they augmented the earnings of the corruptible labor leaders .
he was very thirsty , but he must observe water discipline .
She could only compare Mr Elliot to Lady Russell , in the wish of really comprehending what had passed , and in the degree of concern for what she must have suffered in witnessing it .
He must have been born in some time of general drought and famine , or upon one of those fast days for which his state is famous .
To be clever enough to get all that money , one must be stupid enough to want it ."
I must have I 've taken your apron off . 
The student must not be allowed to leave the ward with the feeling expressed by Sir John Davies in Nosce Teipsum : 
We must have been poor or deliberately austere , but I was not told …
Middlesbrough deserved their win after leading for a long spell , though manager Lennie Lawrence 's heart must have sank when Tranmere snatched an 86th-minute equaliser . 
Syme , if we are to go through this interview and come out sane or alive , we must have some code of signals between us that this brute will not see .
Nervousness at the start must have caused the blemishes of her first scene , or she may warm up slowly .
The government moved aggressively to open the spigots of federal aid for victims of the California earthquake , but its reservoir of emergency funds must be replenished soon if the aid is to continue .
He had been detained by a temporary increase of illness in her ; a nervous seizure , which had lasted some hours -- and he had quite given up every thought of coming , till very late ;-- and had he known how hot a ride he should have , and how late , with all his hurry , he must be , he believed he should not have come at all .
It darted through her , with the speed of an arrow , that Mr . Knightley must marry no one but herself !
But Hunter must surely have known that Van Butchell , famed for his eccentricities , had no intention of burying his wife once the embalming had been done . 
This means that the Directory must be able to handle national characters not found in the US-ASCII repetoire .
Second , when making an assessment , information about what a child is able to do in one situation must necessarily form the basis of inferences about what a child might be able to do in other situations . 
Changing the captain must be a strong possibility , not least because Carrick himself looked a little weary of wearing the crown of thorns . 
" Now , this must be very bad for you ," said he , suddenly rousing from a little reverie , " to be coming and finding us here .
So impressive were those serious years of study at the university that Hans later wrote , `` to be perfectly free , the young man must revel in the great kingdom of thought and imagination ; ;
Furthermore : you must know that when the second iron is thrown overboard , it thenceforth becomes a dangling , sharp - edged terror , skittishly curvetting about both boat and whale , entangling the lines , or cutting them , and making a prodigious sensation in all directions .
Every doll in the house must be going with her '' .
A third party has no right to accede ; the treaty must provide for accession , or the parties must have subsequently agreed to it .
There are three separate criteria that must be met before a commercial fusion reactor can be built : temperature , density and ` confinement time " must all exceed certain minimum values .
`` Via must have it '' , I answered readily enough , recalling her last visit .
1 Work out the route that you must follow to find the Minotaur. 2 Think about your journey as you go through the tunnels and caves . 
The pieces must be placed in the context of the prepared messages by Wisman's staff .
The appeal of the suburb is particularly strong for heavy industry , which must move bulky objects along a lengthy assembly line and wants enough land area to do the entire job on one floor .
If the talking aunt had taken me quite by surprize , it must have been the death of me .
Charlotte laughed heartily to think that her husband could not get rid of her ; and exultingly said , she did not care how cross he was to her , as they must live together .
I must go in : Aye me !
He smoked , as did everybody , and imbibed the various alcoholic beverages of that day , although his protestations while at Cambridge and after that he was no drunkard point to reasonable abstinence from the wild drinking bouts of some of the undergraduates and , we must add , of some of their elders including many of the regents or teachers .
The separate vocational or technical high schools in the large cities must be reckoned as permanent institutions .
We are too much a prey to the belief that if one kind of education is good , another must be bad , or at least worse than the good .
this recruitment , however , must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregation ; ;
For then his brother ' s bow must have given the finishing stroke to what the ill - humour of his mother and sister would have begun .
It 's a diverting little game in itself ; stencilled shirts and girls in bras -- the Manics must be in town . 
`` We know Penny spent some -- and Carmer must have dropped a few dollars getting that load on '' .
Mr . Elton , I must beg leave to stop at your house , and ask your housekeeper for a bit of ribband or string , or any thing just to keep my boot on ."
He proposes that the production of consciousness must be seen in terms of two relationships that Marx analyses independently . 
And even Sir John ' s joking intelligence must have had some weight .
This danger vanishing , Mrs . Tattle presently , with a rueful length of face , and formal preface , " hesitated to assure Mrs . Montague , that she was greatly distressed about her daughter Sophy ; that she was convinced her lungs were affected ; and that she certainly ought to drink the waters morning and evening ; and above all things , must keep one of the patirosa lozenges constantly in her mouth , and directly consult Dr . Cardamum , the best physician in the world , and the person she would send for herself upon her death - bed ; because , to her certain knowledge , he had recovered a young lady , a relation of her own , after she had lost one whole GLOBE * of her lungs ."
Mr . Weston -- ( laughing affectedly ) I must protest against that .-- A most dangerous precedent indeed !-- I beg you will not let your neighbours follow your example .-- Upon my word , if this is what I am to expect , we married women must begin to exert ourselves !-- Oh !
The children found the hut door opened easily enough and cautiously they ventured in , the place smelt musty and stale but it fascinated them .
Kayabashi must feel fairly certain of his victory in order to make a visit like this , a trip which could be so easily misinterpreted by the people in the village .
He must be very tricky to deal with , she thought darkly . 
So judged he Man , both Judge and Saviour sent ; And the instant stroke of death , denounced that day , Removed far off ; then , pitying how they stood Before him naked to the air , that now Must suffer change , disdained not to begin Thenceforth the form of servant to assume ; As when he washed his servants feet ; so now , As father of his family , he clad Their nakedness with skins of beasts , or slain , Or as the snake with youthful coat repaid ; And thought not much to clothe his enemies ; Nor he their outward only with the skins Of beasts , but inward nakedness , much more .
Of course , he must be sorry to lose her -- they must be all sorry .
" Why , not so well as my grandmother , perhaps , but , Anne , I can tell you that you must not talk yourself , Anne , but you must listen to me quietly , or else you won ' t understand what I am going to tell you , for I can assure you that I don ' t think I quite understood it myself , Anne , the first time my grandmother told it to me , though I stood stock still listening my best ."
" It must be something extraordinary that could make Colonel Brandon leave my breakfast table so suddenly ."
I will sing the song of companionship , I will show what alone must finally compact these , I believe these are to found their own ideal of manly love , indicating it in me , I will therefore let flame from me the burning fires that were threatening to consume me , I will lift what has too long kept down those smouldering fires , I will give them complete abandonment , I will write the evangel - poem of comrades and of love , For who but I should understand love with all its sorrow and joy ?
On those rare occasions when a faculty member on tenure is not meeting the standards of the institution , the president must also bear the ultimate burden of decision and action .
" Indeed !-- that must be a very great pleasure ."
We must up Burtons and break out ."
And now without redemption all mankind Must have been lost , adjudg ' d to Death and Hell By doom severe , had not the Son of God , In whom the fulness dwells of love divine , His dearest mediation thus renew ' d .
' All right , so far ,' said the King , and he went on muttering over the verses to himself : '" WE KNOW IT TO BE TRUE --" that ' s the jury , of course --" I GAVE HER ONE , THEY GAVE HIM TWO --" why , that must be what he did with the tarts , you know --'
that he must have since he was there like the radio for you to turn on or snap off when you got tired of him , that other guy .
In order to destroy the enemy's mobile , moving , or imprecisely located strategic forces , we must have a hunter-killer capability in addition to our missiles .
` From what I 've seen , I imagine there must be about five feet of water in the basin at high tide . 
You must be satisfied with such admiration as I can honestly give .
So saying , with dispatchful looks in haste She turns , on hospitable thoughts intent What choice to choose for delicacy best , What order , so contrived as not to mix Tastes , not well joined , inelegant , but bring Taste after taste upheld with kindliest change ; Bestirs her then , and from each tender stalk Whatever Earth , all - bearing mother , yields In India East or West , or middle shore In Pontus or the Punick coast , or where Alcinous reigned , fruit of all kinds , in coat Rough , or smooth rind , or bearded husk , or shell , She gathers , tribute large , and on the board Heaps with unsparing hand ; for drink the grape She crushes , inoffensive must , and meaths From many a berry , and from sweet kernels pressed She tempers dulcet creams ; nor these to hold Wants her fit vessels pure ; then strows the ground With rose and odours from the shrub unfumed .
Translator : The armed Intifada must end and we must use and resort to peaceful means in our quest to end the occupation and the suffering of the Palestinians , and the Israelis , and to establish the Palestinian state .
" What you must do is this : go back to the king and ask for three hundred barrels of wine and three hundred barrels of brandy . 
The private detective must rely , as the Youngest Son or Trickster Hero does in primitive myth , on his wits .
Having said that , we must caution against an apparent tendency to overstate the case .
It must have got there when you fell against me '' .
47 : 29 And the time drew nigh that Israel must die : and he called his son Joseph , and said unto him , If now I have found grace in thy sight , put , I pray thee , thy hand under my thigh , and deal kindly and truly with me ; bury me not , I pray thee , in Egypt : 47 : 30 But I will lie with my fathers , and thou shalt carry me out of Egypt , and bury me in their buryingplace .
The more so , I say , because truly to enjoy bodily warmth , some small part of you must be cold , for there is no quality in this world that is not what it is merely by contrast .
And if adults were to learn about child development by observing free play , there must also be free communication . 
In these declivities the ambushers must have hidden , for here battle raged amid yells and screams and the clash of steel . 
It must crash and strike sparks above them .
" I hope we shall see you at Barton ," added her ladyship , " as soon as you can conveniently leave town ; and we must put off the party to Whitwell till you return ."
The smell is sexual , but so powerfully so that a civilized nose must deny it .
Arkansas Democrat David Pryor spilled his guts on the Senate floor the other day after he 'd joined the Finance Committee 's early-morning pork-barrel revels : `` I must tell you ...
You must remember it now ?"
It is vitally important that the new U.S. aid program should encourage all of them , since the main thrust for development must come from the less developed countries themselves .
" Indeed , Mrs Smith , we must not expect to get real information in such a line .
His `` articulate Jewish friends '' convinced him that education ( read `` reading '' ) was `` a must '' .
However that may be , we must now note that value statements in general , and ethical statements in particular , are distinguished by the attitudinist into two types . 
She found him , however , perfectly the gentleman in his behaviour to all his visitors , and only occasionally rude to his wife and her mother ; she found him very capable of being a pleasant companion , and only prevented from being so always , by too great an aptitude to fancy himself as much superior to people in general , as he must feel himself to be to Mrs . Jennings and Charlotte .
If the goal is to show comparability to usual care , then studies must provide adequate statistical power to show that the lack of a difference truly exists .
Colonel Brandon must have some information to give .
They all prayed now that the North would realize that peace must come , for Virginia had defended her land victoriously .
The basic problem involved is that a college setting up a graduate school must have an entirely separate faculty for the advanced degree .
The beautiful and princely must , of necessity , be impatient with the squalid and ----"
For all his old age , and his one arm , and his blind eyes , he must die the death and be murdered , in order to light the gay bridals and other merry - makings of men , and also to illuminate the solemn churches that preach unconditional inoffensiveness by all to all .
That creature must have been travelling at 60 miles per hour .
Care must be taken neither to confuse unity with uniformity nor God with our parochial ideas about him , but with these two qualifications , the statement stands .
` If he is my cousin , and you are his father , " she said to Heathcliff , smiling , ` then you must be my uncle ! 
If the photographically realistic continuity of dreams , however bizarre their combinations , denies that it is purely a composition of the brain , it must be compounded from views of diverse realities , although some of them may never be encountered in what we are pleased to call the real life .
Wee may call it Herbe - Grace a Sundaies : Oh you must weare your Rew with a difference .
Yachts arriving with passengers , or those crew who will be leaving the Canaries by air , must visit the immigration office in the port authority building within the port compound . 
2 : 24 And the servant of the Lord must not strive ; but be gentle unto all men , apt to teach , patient , 2 : 25 In meekness instructing those that oppose themselves ; if God peradventure will give them repentance to the acknowledging of the truth ; 2 : 26 And that they may recover themselves out of the snare of the devil , who are taken captive by him at his will .
We must have been right out in the sticks . 
In the must-win , must-make-money world of the NFL , it is unlikely that player safety is ever going to be the top priority . 
The young free-tailed bats must also eventually leave their nursery . 
Must I stand and crouch Vnder your Testie Humour ?
Life must be kept in harmony
He has those to please who must be pleased , and who ( between ourselves ) are sometimes to be pleased only by a good many sacrifices .
First , the structure of the building must be adequate in space and design to fulfil the needs of the department . 
Gorton appeared for her , however , and what he told the magistrates must have been plenty , for he was charged with deluding the court , fined , and told to leave the colony within fourteen days .
I think ( I can not remember the number ) that it must have been at least 20 lashes he received and I felt every one of them . 
( This is curious and may not be realized immediately , but it must be realized , I feel in myself that I represent falsehoods equally with the rest , And that the universe does .)
In all fairness it must be admitted that Adams made no pretense at being an impartial historian .
Interlocking signals are normally at stop or `` red '' position , and a lever must be pulled to `` clear '' the signal .
He must love somebody .
If he was all on the same scale as his foot he must certainly have been a giant . "
Elinor was half inclined to ask her reason for thinking so , because satisfied that none founded on an impartial consideration of their age , characters , or feelings , could be given ;-- but her mother must always be carried away by her imagination on any interesting subject , and therefore instead of an inquiry , she passed it off with a smile .
Now that the evenings were drawing in , she really must start locking up once she was aboard . 
She obviously needed him , and so the awkwardness must be prolonged .
Richard Gough is unmatched by any current English central defender and Spurs must still be cursing the day they let him go . 
But he cautions the prosperous townie newcomer that money and ambition will count for nothing : ` You must wait patiently for acceptance into the village , and learn to share the atavistic values of the region . " 
` We Queens must stick together , " Minton had once told John Norris Wood who had expressed surprise at Minton 's devotion to the Queen Mother .
you lie there ; the fact is , you books must know your places .
_What_ she was , must be uncertain ; but _who_ she was , might be found out ; and setting aside the 10 , 000 l ., it did not appear that she was at all Harriet ' s superior .
After all , even a hardened reprobate like myself must have some standards to adhere to .
I must have bored you out of your mind . " 
The Eton chap who wheedled me into lending him my best hunter last year , and was the ruination of him ; but that must be paid for , wheedle or no wheedle ; and , for the matter of wheedling , I ' d stake this here Mr . Wheeler , that is making up to me , do you see , against e ' er a boy , or hobbledehoy , in all Eton , London , or Christendom , let the other be who he will .
Manufacturers must also warn mothers that the powdered milk must be mixed with boiled water . 
They must keep as much together as they could ;" and James was talked to , and given a charge to go very slow and wait for the other carriage .
How they are provided for upon the earth , ( appearing at intervals ,) How dear and dreadful they are to the earth , How they inure to themselves as much as to any -- what a paradox appears their age , How people respond to them , yet know them not , How there is something relentless in their fate all times , How all times mischoose the objects of their adulation and reward , And how the same inexorable price must still be paid for the same great purchase .
The Secretary General must have , subject to the constitutional direction of the Security Council and the General Assembly , the power to act , to propose action and to organize action without being hobbled by advisers and assistants acting on someone else's instructions .
Is it sufficient that he perceives a suspicion of bias , or must he perceive the higher hurdle of likelihood ? 
The visit afforded her many pleasant recollections the next day ; and all that she might be supposed to have lost on the side of dignified seclusion , must be amply repaid in the splendour of popularity .
The project must have attributes which allow sequential processing .
If an exogenously determined money stock can be taken for granted , then movements in money incomes and prices would not influence the money stock and so the causality must run in the direction presumed by monetarists . 
Quality and combat readiness must take precedence over mere numbers .
Today , gazing out from Beeston 's summit , you may feel that such a castle must have been impregnable .
Some modern gardeners report that handling the leaves of this plant can cause a blistering rash on sensitive skin , so it must obviously be treated with respect , but there is a good chance that oil of rue would prove to be a successful repellent for most misbehaving cats . 
He must have jogged to the shops and back , she deduced , keeping her brain detached as she stared at him . 
Three requirements go with a blockade : It must be proclaimed ; ;
At present doctors must prove at regular intervals that such patients are still a danger to society .
In Illinois , lawmakers will vote before next spring on legislation requiring physicians to perform tests on fetuses at 20 weeks to determine their gestational age , weight and lung maturity along with a provision requiring that , if fetuses survive an abortion , a second doctor must be on hand to help it survive .
I must to England , you know that ?
When he says , " What makes you so sure about these shares ? " you must reply , " I ca n't divulge my sources . " 
that now , While time was , our first parents had been warned The coming of their secret foe , and ' scaped , Haply so ' scaped his mortal snare : For now Satan , now first inflamed with rage , came down , The tempter ere the accuser of mankind , To wreak on innocent frail Man his loss Of that first battle , and his flight to Hell : Yet , not rejoicing in his speed , though bold Far off and fearless , nor with cause to boast , Begins his dire attempt ; which nigh the birth Now rolling boils in his tumultuous breast , And like a devilish engine back recoils Upon himself ; horrour and doubt distract His troubled thoughts , and from the bottom stir The Hell within him ; for within him Hell He brings , and round about him , nor from Hell One step , no more than from himself , can fly By change of place : Now conscience wakes despair , That slumbered ; wakes the bitter memory Of what he was , what is , and what must be Worse ; of worse deeds worse sufferings must ensue .
I had a vast deal more to say to you , but I must not stay away from them not any longer .
She must have galloped through marsh and mire for an hour . 
Must he now grind his pride in the dust and sue for the hand of she to whom he owed that indignity ? 
18 : 20 When they desired him to tarry longer time with them , he consented not ; 18 : 21 But bade them farewell , saying , I must by all means keep this feast that cometh in Jerusalem : but I will return again unto you , if God will .
They must do something with the acquiescence of the latter , or some of them , which amounts to an acceptance of the law in its entirety beyond all possibility of misconstruction '' .
but basically that pace depends on changes in the supply of resources and in the human attitudes , political institutions , and social structure which each society must generate .
So we must be as merry as we can , that she may not be dwelling upon such gloomy things ."
Only Prime Loss Adjusters must be appointed for Home claims unless special circumstances arise . 
He is brother to Mrs . John Dashwood -- THAT must be recommendation enough to her husband ."
Being a teacher of American literature , I remembered Whittier's `` Massachusetts To Virginia '' , where he said : `` But that one dark loathsome burden ye must stagger with alone , And reap the bitter harvest which ye yourselves have sown '' .
In all the talk of feudal rights , the knights and bishops must never forget the woolworkers , nor was it easy to do so , for all along the road to Italy they passed the Florentine pack trains going home with their loads of raw wool from England and rough Flemish cloth , the former to be spun and woven by the Arte Della Lana and the latter to be refined and dyed by the Arte Della Calimala with the pigment recently discovered in Asia Minor by one of their members , Bernardo Rucellai , the secret of which they jealously kept for themselves .
The change of emphasis from conventional-type to missile-type warfare must be made with care , mindful that the one type of warfare cannot be safely neglected in favor of the other .
Every friend of Miss Taylor must be glad to have her so happily married ."
On the contrary , passengers themselves must pay .
Serious attention must also be given to the husband's problems in the honeymoon situation .
She depended on the evil feelings of the Eltons for supplying all the discipline of pointed neglect that could be farther requisite .-- Harriet rational , Frank Churchill not too much in love , and Mr . Knightley not wanting to quarrel with her , how very happy a summer must be before her !
Now Lamb must spend the weekend fretting over whether the TCCB will ban him from next Saturday 's NatWest Trophy final . 
" You must remember that mustard , vinegar , oil and so on vanished with the cruet and the burglar ."
If you had asked him about women , he would have said that one must preserve their domesticity and decorum ; he would have used the stalest words , but he would have in reserve the strongest arguments .
Had my brother given me some active profession when I was removed at eighteen from the care of Mr . Pratt , I think -- nay , I am sure , it would never have happened ; for though I left Longstaple with what I thought , at the time , a most unconquerable preference for his niece , yet had I then had any pursuit , any object to engage my time and keep me at a distance from her for a few months , I should very soon have outgrown the fancied attachment , especially by mixing more with the world , as in such case I must have done .
Your own judgment must direct you ."
If he doe bleed , Ile guild the Faces of the Groomes withall , For it must seeme their Guilt .
But while the imaginations of other people will carry them away to form wrong judgments of our conduct , and to decide on it by slight appearances , one ' s happiness must in some measure be always at the mercy of chance .
We face , indeed , what may be a turning point in history , and we must act decisively and wisely .
The definition can be made more accurate , but not wholly satisfactory by specifying that the other animal must have changed its behaviour because it perceived the signal through its sense organs , and was not physically forced . 
` You must be very fit , " she said in an odd tone , staring at his chest . 
`` You must play it where it lies '' .
You must cease this nonsensical life of yours , slaving away as if you were a servant ! 
The most important principle involved in this selection of Venneman 's discourse subjects must have to do with their relevance to the particular discourse fragment under consideration . 
If firms are to collude tacitly , they must somehow choose prices and outputs which are sustainable by a credible punishment strategy that also has to be tacitly agreed upon . 
Besides the Eltons , it must be the Westons and Mr . Knightley ; so far it was all of course -- and it was hardly less inevitable that poor little Harriet must be asked to make the eighth :-- but this invitation was not given with equal satisfaction , and on many accounts Emma was particularly pleased by Harriet ' s begging to be allowed to decline it .
I perfectly understand your situation , however , Miss Woodhouse -- ( looking towards Mr . Woodhouse ), Your father ' s state of health must be a great drawback .
If Stubb even , who is but a peg higher than Flask , happens to have but a small appetite , and soon shows symptoms of concluding his repast , then Flask must bestir himself , he will not get more than three mouthfuls that day ; for it is against holy usage for Stubb to precede Flask to the deck .
It is extremely important that the client must learn that avoidance of difficult situations is never an appropriate solution for their anxiety . 
You must not upset yourself . " 
` These errors may be trivial in themselves , Mr Stevens , but you must yourself realize their larger significance . " 
This decision is of vital importance , and of course it must be made before trading can commence . 
But while on the subject of confessing ignorance , I must also state that I have so far made it through life without witnessing or participating in an Orange Walk .
Mussorgsky paints a telling picture of the common people , those who must suffer the effects of their rulers' struggle for power without understanding the causes .
High and clear I shoot my voice over the waves , Surely you must know who is here , is here , You must know who I am , my love .
I see nobody else looking like her !-- I must go and ask her whether it is an Irish fashion .
When she became sensible of this , it struck her that she could not be very much in love ; for in spite of her previous and fixed determination never to quit her father , never to marry , a strong attachment certainly must produce more of a struggle than she could foresee in her own feelings .
" Adieu , I wish you well with all my heart ; but I must leave you now , or I shall be too late for the market ."
The farmer must get up early , and , at times , work late at night .
To the extent that a language is formulaic , its individual components must be regarded as no more distinguished than other cliches .
One man ' s style must not be the rule of another ' s .
" Elinor , I must go home .
She must not make it a more decided subject of misery to him , by a melancholy tone herself .
He said Morse and Borden had quarreled violently in the house that day , information which must have come from Lizzie .
" I must have asked Miss Fairfax , and her languid dancing would not have agreed with me , after your ' s ."
In her blue dress with the big , lace collar , she must have looked as strange to the other customers as they did to her . 
` There is something I must tell you , " said Huy , tensing himself . 
Oh confound the rest : Such Loue , must needs be Treason in my brest : In second Husband , let me be accurst , None wed the second , but who kill ' d the first
“ Thus , ” said the fat man , “ your message must be distinctly urgent … ” 
They must be induced to establish the necessary tax , fiscal , monetary , and regulatory policies .
" Oh , Mother , dear Mother ," they said , " you must move us away to - night !
It may well be conceived , what an unsavory odor such a mass must exhale ; worse than an Assyrian city in the plague , when the living are incompetent to bury the departed .
`` All the more reason , then '' , Jack said , `` why we must have a treaty .
We must all feel for him ; and the more so , because it is totally out of our power to assist him ."
But I must object to your dooming Colonel Brandon and his wife to the constant confinement of a sick chamber , merely because he chanced to complain yesterday ( a very cold damp day ) of a slight rheumatic feel in one of his shoulders ."
But competent observers believe he is making progress , particularly toward what Sen. Jackson lists as the primary need -- `` a clearer understanding of where our vital national interests lie and what we must do to promote them '' .
You must have seen that I did .
Motorists , denied this exhilarating walk , must return to Dent on wheels , reaching the village a mile from the junction at the foot of Deepdale . 
Now , as her objection was nothing but her very great dislike of Mrs . Elton , of which Mr . Weston must already be perfectly aware , it was not worth bringing forward again :-- it could not be done without a reproof to him , which would be giving pain to his wife ; and she found herself therefore obliged to consent to an arrangement which she would have done a great deal to avoid ; an arrangement which would probably expose her even to the degradation of being said to be of Mrs . Elton ' s party !
She felt that something must be the matter .
They must prove to Thadeus that they 're here to destroy what he hates , and they 've got to do this in a reasonable period of time . 
But they must blame the Councils not the Government . 
It had just occurred to Mrs . Weston that Mrs . Elton must be asked to begin the ball ; that she would expect it ; which interfered with all their wishes of giving Emma that distinction .-- Emma heard the sad truth with fortitude .
Mr . John Knightley must be in town again on the 28th , and we ought to be thankful , papa , that we are to have the whole of the time they can give to the country , that two or three days are not to be taken out for the Abbey .
Nevertheless it is indisputable that all the early church fathers believed in the Devil as the Evil One , although it was never found necessary to define him in the way we must do so about God .
We must defend it till the Gendarmerie turn out .
He knelt beside her and tried to take her in his arms ; with an animal yelp she pushed against the side of the musty barn , scrabbling to get away from him . 
To demonstrate non-DNA inheritance , one must show that two fertilized eggs differ in some respect other than their nucleic acids , and that when these eggs develop into adults which in turn produce eggs , those eggs differ in the same respect .
His wife must not only train up her children and maids in fear of God but attend to the wounds and sores of parishioners with her own hands . 
We must pay particular attention to the declaration at the end of the treaty about the role of the national Parliament . 
Just then she heard something splashing about in the pool a little way off , and she swam nearer to make out what it was : at first she thought it must be a walrus or hippopotamus , but then she remembered how small she was now , and she soon made out that it was only a mouse that had slipped in like herself .
The mother of five's family doctor had told Hope Hospital , in Manchester , that she was extremely allergic to codeine and must NEVER be given the painkiller . 
To insure the greatest efficiency in the dart , the harpooneers of this world must start to their feet from out of idleness , and not from out of toil .
Treatment must address all aspects of this complex disorder ( table I ) and begins with a thorough appraisal of the patient 's physical condition , together with identification of important medical complications . 
Vanity , extravagance , love of change , restlessness of temper , which must be doing something , good or bad ; heedlessness as to the pleasure of his father and Mrs . Weston , indifferent as to how his conduct might appear in general ; he became liable to all these charges .
I must copy the story , and send it eastward and westward , I must preserve that look as it beam ' d on you rivers of Brooklyn .
We must look to her one fault , and remember that she had done a wrong thing in consenting to the engagement , to bear that she should have been in such a state of punishment ."
" Nay , you must decide that yourself , Rosamond ."
So our work must continue .
No real violence may be done , intentionally , to either party and as accidental injury may cause the definition of the situation to change quite radically , it must be avoided . 
" But , sir ," said the vulgar attorney , " I must make bold to differ with you in one point , and I ' ll appeal to Sir Arthur .
I had been grossly wrong , and must abide the consequences ."
` Does n't matter but he must be nice , " Sarah pulled thoughtfully at her pink hair ribbon . 
for Mother to be able to call , Susan must be napping now , surrounded by her multitude of dolls .
It must be packed at times , but in the honey-gold light of early evening its narrow , car-free streets were hauntingly empty . 
* The driver came to Mary about a week after her mother ' s death , and told her that the rent must be brought in the next day , and that she must leave the cabin , for a new tenant was coming into it ; that she was too young to have a house to herself , and that the only thing she had to do was to get some neighbour to take her and her brother and her sisters in for charity ' s sake .
I must be cruell , onely to be kinde ; Thus bad begins and worse remaines behinde
Meantime , Queequeg ' s impulsive , indifferent sword , sometimes hitting the woof slantingly , or crookedly , or strongly , or weakly , as the case might be ; and by this difference in the concluding blow producing a corresponding contrast in the final aspect of the completed fabric ; this savage ' s sword , thought I , which thus finally shapes and fashions both warp and woof ; this easy , indifferent sword must be chance -- aye , chance , free will , and necessity -- nowise incompatible -- all interweavingly working together .
He must have been quite an enterprising businessman , my great-grandad , because he ran the butter cart in Baldersdale . 
`` I mustn't tell , I mustn't tell '' , she repeated to herself .
" Why must the board tell a lie to - day ?"
* Hence , all the smaller , spouting , and horizontal tailed fish must be included in this ground - plan of Cetology .
Beyond any question of curriculum and approach to subject must be the quality of the teachers themselves .
said Marianne ; " my dear Edward , this must not be ."
By law , the only people who can work on , or fit , gas appliances must be registered with CORGI , the Council for Registered Gas Installers . 
If our national interest lies in being able to fight and win a war rather than committing national suicide , then we must take a much more penetrating look at ballistic missiles .
Miss Fairfax , you must not run such risks .-- Liable as you have been to severe colds , indeed you ought to be particularly careful , especially at this time of year .
For it is clear that the total number of ordinary intersections of C and Af must be even ( otherwise , starting in the interior of C , Af could not finally return to the interior ) , and the center of rotation at T is the argument of the function , not a value .
The draftsman must , however , make it clear whether the periods are to be measured from the date from which the term of the lease is computed or from the date of the lease itself . 
We must assume that you know how to express yourself in sentences .
Bienville realized that if the French were to hold the southeastern tribes against the enticements of British goods , French traders must be able to offer a supply as abundant as the Carolinians and at reasonable prices .
Yet clearly , modernization must embrace its key industries before it can be said to have caught the `` privatization bug . ''
Word over all , beautiful as the sky , Beautiful that war and all its deeds of carnage must in time be utterly lost , That the hands of the sisters Death and Night incessantly softly wash again , and ever again , this solid world ; For my enemy is dead , a man divine as myself is dead , I look where he lies white - faced and still in the coffin -- I draw near , Bend down and touch lightly with my lips the white face in the coffin .
She pushed open the door of a room overlooking the bay , a room flooded with sunshine but musty and stale . 
Poor Madame , I thought , how deeply she must resent my usurping her place . 
I do think he must have been sent for about money matters , for what else can it be ?
I must have dozed off , because I came to with a start at the sound of voices .
Each tape file must be described by Tape File Specifications , produced by Aj .
You must attach a statement to your return , if you take advantage of this automatic extension , showing that you were in Alaska or were outside the United States or Puerto Rico on April 15 or other due date .
It must have begun to seem that there was nothing the British film producer could do to challenge the place of American films on the nation 's screens . 
Alice was very nearly getting up and saying , ' Thank you , sir , for your interesting story ,' but she could not help thinking there MUST be more to come , so she sat still and said nothing .
Must it now accept that one of its strongest allies blames it for the genocide of another people ?
While churches may differ in their understanding of the timing and mode of water baptism , they must emphasise the decisive spiritual reality depicted by the sacrament . 
You hurt yourselves with that ; and then Captain Cutler must have hurt himself with the dagger ."
I must kill you here ," he cried , with a sort of tearful rage impossible to describe .
The brain must extract , from a novel view of a face , the information necessary to achieve a match with a representation stored in memory . 
His spirits , during the last two or three days , though still very unequal , were greatly improved -- he grew more and more partial to the house and environs -- never spoke of going away without a sigh -- declared his time to be wholly disengaged -- even doubted to what place he should go when he left them -- but still , go he must .
But that he was for ever inconsolable , that he fled from society , or contracted an habitual gloom of temper , or died of a broken heart , must not be depended on -- for he did neither .
Don ' t be thanking so much for nothing in life ; or if you must be thanking of somebody , it ' s me you ought to thank .
Vaclav Havel , the Czech president who was jailed as a dissident during the Communist days , warned in a speech to summit participants that NATO and Russia must not set up an exclusive club of powerful northerners .
I ' ll wait till you go in with it to your mother ; for I must ask her how she does myself ."
As well as determining the information needed now and in the near future , some regard must be given to the difficult task of trying to foresee information needs in the longer term ( Land , 1982 ) . 
But if you want to know what I really think ... I must explain ."
Not free , what proof could they have given sincere Of true allegiance , constant faith or love , Where only what they needs must do appear ' d , Not what they would ?
Heauen and Earth Must I remember : why she would hang on him , As if encrease of Appetite had growne By what is fed on ; and yet within a month ?
Now the original absent sitter must decide whether the statements are meaningful to him .
He was seeing , somehow , the face of a young boy , the boy Simms Purdew must once have been , a boy with sorrel hair , and blue eyes dancing with gaiety , and the boy mouth grinning trustfully among the freckles .
But I must ask you to be patient with my navigation in these uncharted waters .
The preparations must take their time , nothing could be properly ready till the third week were entered on , and for a few days they must be planning , proceeding and hoping in uncertainty -- at the risk -- in her opinion , the great risk , of its being all in vain .
Her early attachment to herself was very amiable ; and her inclination for good company , and power of appreciating what was elegant and clever , shewed that there was no want of taste , though strength of understanding must not be expected .
Because of the number of peaks , the structured form must contain a twofold symmetry if duplex , or fourfold if tetraplex .
I shall not lose you so soon , and Edward will have greater opportunity of improving that natural taste for your favourite pursuit which must be so indispensably necessary to your future felicity .
He must do it all himself .
To which Gildas had replied it must be a Jewish sense of humour . 
The friends from whom she had just parted , though very good sort of people , must be doing her harm .
Mrs . Weston was convinced that such conversation must be the greatest relief to her companion , pent up within her own mind as every thing had so long been , and was very much pleased with all that she had said on the subject .
The application form asks if you require adaptations , and you must say what you need and why . 
And so well was she able to answer her own expectations , that when she joined them at dinner only two hours after she had first suffered the extinction of all her dearest hopes , no one would have supposed from the appearance of the sisters , that Elinor was mourning in secret over obstacles which must divide her for ever from the object of her love , and that Marianne was internally dwelling on the perfections of a man , of whose whole heart she felt thoroughly possessed , and whom she expected to see in every carriage which drove near their house .
The mother feels her older children must be exonerated from the allegations of abusing their younger siblings and calls for written apologies from all those involved in the affair . 
Elinor , dreading her being tired , led her towards home ; and till they reached the door of the cottage , easily conjecturing what her curiosity must be though no question was suffered to speak it , talked of nothing but Willoughby , and their conversation together ; and was carefully minute in every particular of speech and look , where minuteness could be safely indulged .
He supposed it must be the echo ; but the odd thing was that the echo was not in the least like the original sound .
" You must not mind it ," said Gregory ; " it ' s a kind of screw ."
Then turning to Isabella , who had not been attending before --" You must know , my dear Mrs . Knightley , that we are by no means so sure of seeing Mr . Frank Churchill , in my opinion , as his father thinks .
` Mrs Richards , I must call an ambulance . "
There must be an odd number of such components , which will be called complete components .
When Barbara saw how little Susan sent , she called her A MISER , and she said she MUST have some more for Mrs . Strathspey .
If A taxpayer dies , the executor , administrator , or legal representative must file the final return for the decedent on or before the 15th day of the 4th month following the close of the deceased taxpayer's normal tax year .
Ultimately the most memorable lines in this volume must be those penned by Bonnard to Matisse in January 1940 : ` When I think of you , I think of a mind cleansed of every old aesthetic convention , and it is that alone that permits a direct view of nature , the greatest joy that can befall a painter .
Their claims to the notice of Mrs . John Dashwood , as the nieces of the gentleman who for many years had had the care of her brother , might not have done much , however , towards procuring them seats at her table ; but as Lady Middleton ' s guests they must be welcome ; and Lucy , who had long wanted to be personally known to the family , to have a nearer view of their characters and her own difficulties , and to have an opportunity of endeavouring to please them , had seldom been happier in her life , than she was on receiving Mrs . John Dashwood ' s card .
Miss Lucy Steele is , I dare say , a very deserving young woman , but in the present case you know , the connection must be impossible .
4 : 21 Furthermore the LORD was angry with me for your sakes , and sware that I should not go over Jordan , and that I should not go in unto that good land , which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance : 4 : 22 But I must die in this land , I must not go over Jordan : but ye shall go over , and possess that good land .
For all , apart from Anglican weddings , you must obtain a certificate or certificate with licence from the local superintendent registrar . 
A dramatic LAT `` Sunday Report '' looks at four middle-class Turkish families who must rebuild their lives from scratch .
" No , sir ," replied his son , laughing , " I seem to have had it from nobody .-- Very odd !-- I really was persuaded of Mrs . Weston ' s having mentioned it in one of her letters to Enscombe , many weeks ago , with all these particulars -- but as she declares she never heard a syllable of it before , of course it must have been a dream .
11 : 30 If I must needs glory , I will glory of the things which concern mine infirmities .
Why must each separate moment of the work be dwelt upon ? 
It allows the parties flexibility in that they may impose new conditions , but provides the third party with the safeguard that any new conditions must comply with the original treaty .
But how can I hope to explain myself here ; and yet , in some dim , random way , explain myself I must , else all these chapters might be naught .
Such unintermitted strainings upon the planted iron must sooner or later inevitably extract it .
If it be so , as so tis put on me ; And that in way of caution : I must tell you , You doe not vnderstand your selfe so cleerely , As it behoues my Daughter , and your Honour .
" Now , Mr . MacIan , you must listen to me .
Now the detective must save his own skin by informing on the girl he loves , who is also the real murderer .
Mr Elliot , too , it must be remembered , had not been a widower seven months .
There is a further important refinement to the preceding discussion that must now be addressed . 
The old man must have moved very softly to get within twenty yards of him unheard , although the quiet afternoon was in fact a steady rumble and distant clatter of farm machinery . 
The decision maker who acts for the community as a whole must decide whether the objectives pursued and the methods used are appropriate to public policy regarding cultural groups .
There is little evidence that existing public or private training programs have any great difficulty getting students to enroll in their programs , even though they must pay tuition , receive no subsistence payments , and are not guaranteed a job .
Moreover , all three representations must be squeezed comfortably into little more than the length Brumidi allowed for each one of his .
It must be remembered that the fiber plates replace a glass window and a ( mica ) membrane , in addition to an optical output lens system .
Criteria for granting leave will depend on the nature of the application although the welfare of the child must always be the court 's paramount consideration . 
The basis DC must already exist , and you must be the associated user of the DC or an interested user .
The cost of developing a major weapon system is now so enormous that the greatest care must be exercised in selecting new systems for development , in determining the most satisfactory rate of development , and in deciding the proper time at which either to place a system into production or to abandon it .
Saddam threatened that " if words fail to protect Iraqis , something effective must be done to return things to their natural course and return usurped rights to their owners " . 
Therefore , he must wait for the next ensuing season .
But because science is based on mathematics doesn't mean that a hot rodder must necessarily be a mathematician .
9 : 4 I must work the works of him that sent me , while it is day : the night cometh , when no man can work .
It shall be so : Madnesse in great Ones , must not vnwatch ' d go .
I must have it to DINE IN , at the Abbey , or the ladies will think nothing of me ; and Betty , remember the mantua - maker too .
Clearly further investigations into the whole of the Windscale accident must be urgently pursued .
And in return for an acknowledgment , which must give me some pain , you cannot deny me the privilege of disliking him as much as ever ."
Meanwhile Captain Bildad sat earnestly and steadfastly eyeing Queequeg , and at last rising solemnly and fumbling in the huge pockets of his broad - skirted drab coat , took out a bundle of tracts , and selecting one entitled " The Latter Day Coming ; or No Time to Lose ," placed it in Queequeg ' s hands , and then grasping them and the book with both his , looked earnestly into his eyes , and said , " Son of darkness , I must do my duty by thee ; I am part owner of this ship , and feel concerned for the souls of all its crew ; if thou still clingest to thy Pagan ways , which I sadly fear , I beseech thee , remain not for aye a Belial bondsman .
From here , Norse longboats were sighted , ever before a castle was raised : fishing-boats must have perished within earshot ; the sunlight on the water ( to paraphrase Louis MacNeice 's poem ) hardened and grew cold . 
For example , `` market-on-close orders '' must be filled during the last few minutes of trading for the day at a price that is within the official closing range of prices as determined by the exchange .
And he must have known that she found his touch distasteful , yet did that stop him ? 
The only place I could think of was Stonehenge which must have been spanking new then and as up to date as a Hilton or an out-of-town Sainsburys .
His assumption seems to be that any such friends , being tolerable humans , must be more liberal than most Southerners and therefore at least partly in sympathy with his views .
Hence , when the address Af is computed from Af , the cell Af and all Y-cells in its chain must be inspected to determine whether Af is already in the form list or whether it should be added to the form list and the chain .
Then must I thinke you would not haue it so
So the medical profession , in the future as in the past , must bear the responsibility unless it is possible to obtain a decision from the courts .
And even the most hardened cynic must agree that lying down with your eyes closed listening to music is a lot more appealing than grunting and straining over a set of weights in your local sports centre . 
To keep Tubifex worms , the aquarium must have a layer of mud on the bottom and a supply of fresh-water continuously dripping into the aquarium . 
Begging my pardon , he must express his astonishment over seeing a person of my background applying at the hall .
It must be realised that fractals are hierarchies with the particular property that the successive levels are geometrically similar ( either exactly or on the average ) . 
This small storage room is full of old and rotted roots and tubers , sacks of rotted and musty-smelling grain , barrels of reeking and vinegary wine and beer , jars of moulded fruits , and suchlike . 
i.e. , it must be left-justified in the operand column of the coding sheet .
Must have really smelled up her sweater , he thought , and wondered idly just why she kept the sweater fast-frozen .
The primary purpose must , always , be to sell the product . 
Speake the Speech I pray you , as I pronounc ' d it to you trippingly on the Tongue : But if you mouth it , as many of your Players do , I had as liue the Town - Cryer had spoke my Lines : Nor do not saw the Ayre too much your hand thus , but vse all gently ; for in the verie Torrent , Tempest , and ( as I say ) the Whirle - winde of Passion , you must acquire and beget a Temperance that may giue it Smoothnesse .
Maybe Lou was only unconscious , but right then I thought he must be dead .
Needs must the Serpent now his capital bruise Expect with mortal pain : Say where and when Their fight , what stroke shall bruise the victor ' s heel .
This latest change of mind must have thoroughly exasperated Rupprecht . 
Emma , who was not really at all frightened herself , tranquillised this excess of apprehension by assurances of Mrs . Goddard ' s experience and care ; but as there must still remain a degree of uneasiness which she could not wish to reason away , which she would rather feed and assist than not , she added soon afterwards -- as if quite another subject ,
Our crop - haired friend , despite his ill - fitting clothes , must be an aspiring lover .
But Aristotle kept the principle of levels and even augmented it by describing in the Poetics what kinds of character and action must be imitated if the play is to be a vehicle of serious and important human truths .
two days are past , Two days , as we compute the days of Heaven , Since Michael and his Powers went forth to tame These disobedient : Sore hath been their fight , As likeliest was , when two such foes met armed ; For to themselves I left them ; and thou knowest , Equal in their creation they were formed , Save what sin hath impaired ; which yet hath wrought Insensibly , for I suspend their doom ; Whence in perpetual fight they needs must last Endless , and no solution will be found : War wearied hath performed what war can do , And to disordered rage let loose the reins With mountains , as with weapons , armed ; which makes Wild work in Heaven , and dangerous to the main .
Sections 1 and 2 have explained the procedure that must be followed , this section explains the additional tasks that the family may have to perform . 
Now , for most folks one pair of legs lasts a lifetime , and that must be because they use them mercifully , as a tender - hearted old lady uses her roly - poly old coach - horses .
Such a companion for herself in the periods of anxiety and cheerlessness before her !-- Such a partner in all those duties and cares to which time must be giving increase of melancholy !
Her voice was not unsteady ; but her mind was in all the perturbation that such a development of self , such a burst of threatening evil , such a confusion of sudden and perplexing emotions , must create .-- She listened with much inward suffering , but with great outward patience , to Harriet ' s detail .-- Methodical , or well arranged , or very well delivered , it could not be expected to be ; but it contained , when separated from all the feebleness and tautology of the narration , a substance to sink her spirit -- especially with the corroborating circumstances , which her own memory brought in favour of Mr . Knightley ' s most improved opinion of Harriet .
3 : 7 Marvel not that I said unto thee , Ye must be born again .
My comments must be briefer than the papers deserve .
At present all offenses must be taken to Sixth District Court for disposition .
The vulnerability of Protestantism to social differences stems from the peculiar role of the new religious style in middle-class life , where the congregation is a vehicle of social and economic group identity and must conform , therefore , to the principle of economic integration .
Omegna Market , at the northern end of Lake Orta , is a must if you want to haggle over souvenirs . 
She is a woman that one may , that one _must_ laugh at ; but that one would not wish to slight .
10 : 5 They are upright as the palm tree , but speak not : they must needs be borne , because they cannot go .
Churchill ' s state , however , as many were ready to remind her , was liable to such sudden variation as might disappoint her nephew in the most reasonable dependence -- and Mrs . Weston was at last persuaded to believe , or to say , that it must be by some attack of Mrs . Churchill that he was prevented coming .-- Emma looked at Harriet while the point was under consideration ; she behaved very well , and betrayed no emotion .
It must be irritating for ministers , used to almost unbridled power at Westminster , to be faced by hostile local bodies who can also claim to have a democratic mandate . 
" My hands must be washed ," said George , a little boy who came running in ; " I ran so fast that I might be in time , to go to work along with you all , that I tumbled down , and look how I have dirtied my hands .
In order for either approach to fully realize its potential of truly evolving libraries of diverse synthetic molecules , rather than simply enriching libraries that already contain at the outset the `` most fit '' molecule , researchers must develop sophisticated library syntheses that generate remarkable complexity ( vast numbers of different compounds ) in a relatively modest number of DNA-compatible synthetic steps .
Although we go into this matter more thoroughly in the companion paper , we reiterate here that this subjective use of the autocorrelation function to establish rhythmicity is not unprecedented ; in fact , it has been recommended as a valid approach to situations like our experiments where the number of data points is relatively small [ 30 ] . In general , it must be noted that the use of both tabulated and averaged data also supports this approach .
And this must in part have reflected a greater diversity among its patrons .
I was willing to hope that you must fare better ."
This must be the remainder the Greek made the Africans of .
You must understand that towards the end of his life he began to have those tricks of the nerves not uncommon with tyrants .
" This must have been about that very period of Mr Elliot ' s life ," said Anne , " which has always excited my particular curiosity .
3 : 7 Moreover he must have a good report of them which are without ; lest he fall into reproach and the snare of the devil .
Then , all of a sudden , there was a sort of bang and the dog started yelping and I thought he must have fallen or something and that he might be hurt . 
Wilson stressed the fact that clear as this was , they must have a better church , a more business-like conduct of the church organization , and an effort to get this religious center out of its rut of wild worship into a modern church organization .
In the absence of any notable achievement , these rather ineffable qualities of character must be counted among the reasons for Irwin 's despatch to India .
However , the extra wind resistance created by the panels means that the construction must be fairly robust .
" I think , Harriet , since your acquaintance with us , you have been repeatedly in the company of some such very real gentlemen , that you must yourself be struck with the difference in Mr . Martin .
A visitor from a more peaceful country across the sea was taken to one of our amusement parks , and after he had seen it all , he said to a friend : `` You must be a very sad people '' .
I have a great deal of vivacity in my own way , but I really must be allowed to judge when to speak and when to hold my tongue .
But to comprehend it aright , you must know something of the curious internal structure of the thing operated upon .
The dynamite must be of a shy and noiseless sort , for the poor fellow only shuts himself up for several hours of the day and studies something behind a locked door .
" I mean ," he replied , " he must show his papers ."
Passport applicants now must give Social Security numbers , enabling the IRS to see whether Americans living abroad are filing required U.S. returns .
You must check that the tablet is actually consumed , rather than simply being left in the bottom of the bowl . 
She was aware what her aunt 's next question must be . 
To overcome such problems a banker must examine the available financial statistics to ascertain the creditworthiness of the proposed borrower . 
For elements where a level of achievement other than fully successful has been assigned , the rating official must describe the executive 's achievements on additional pages .
William Beebe reports 26 inches and 2.4 ounces ( this snake must have been emaciated ) for the length and the weight of a young anaconda from British Guiana .
A £25 excess applies and brittle items must be packaged by professional packers . 
Blanche knew something must be causing Stanley's new , strange behavior but she never once connected it with Kitti Walker .
Thus the multiplicity of Af for a given T must be an even number .
But to operate in American politics one must go a step further -- one must build a bridge to such names , establish a warmth , a personal connection '' .
Tell ' em it ' s the resurrection ; they must kiss their last , and come to judgment .
Oh , for shame !-- To be sure you must know better than that .
I must confess that I prefer the Liberal who is personally affected , who is willing to send his own children to a mixed school as proof of his faith .
A wave of sympathy swept over him , some of which must have shown on his face , for Connon now smiled at him ironically . 
Some care must be used in the application of this technique because , if the initial estimates of a i and T i are far from the correct values then , for the 3 - exponential case , it is possible for the solution to become stuck in a local minimum , far from the global minimum .
It was a style of beauty , of which elegance was the reigning character , and as such , she must , in honour , by all her principles , admire it :-- elegance , which , whether of person or of mind , she saw so little in Highbury .
If a window has to be tailor-made , you must expect to pay for it if it does n't fit !
Well , it must be hansom - cabs again if we are to keep him in sight ."
No , thought I , there must be some sober reason for this thing ; furthermore , it must symbolize something unseen .
But if the republics are to undertake reform for themselves , agreement must be struck between the central and local governments both on the central-bank system and on who owns which factories . 
But , in return , your sister must allow me to feel no more than I profess .
To remain secure and prosperous themselves , wealthy nations must extend the kind of co-operation to the less fortunate members that will inspire hope , confidence , and progress .
" I must call to some of them , though , and leave orders where they are to join ."
To his absolute delight the first trap had held what must have been a seven pound salmon , plus a couple of mullet which he had ignored . 
Alfredo certainly must have enjoyed being alone .
It was only then it dawned on him that there must be another exit from the storeroom . 
you do not know how longingly I look upon you , You must be he I was seeking , or she I was seeking , ( it comes to me as of a dream ,) I have somewhere surely lived a life of joy with you , All is recall ' d as we flit by each other , fluid , affectionate , chaste , matured , You grew up with me , were a boy with me or a girl with me , I ate with you and slept with you , your body has become not yours only nor left my body mine only , You give me the pleasure of your eyes , face , flesh , as we pass , you take of my beard , breast , hands , in return , I am not to speak to you , I am to think of you when I sit alone or wake at night alone , I am to wait , I do not doubt I am to meet you again , I am to see to it that I do not lose you .
Clearly , the fabric , color , and style must also match .
my wound is grievous ; but I said , Truly this is a grief , and I must bear it .
One need not waver in his belief in virile law enforcement to insist that there are other things in American life which are also of great importance , and to which even law enforcement must accommodate itself .
Five per cent of the voters in each county must sign petitions requesting that the Republicans be allowed to place names of candidates on the general election ballot , or 2
After the pilot 's personal safety , the safety of the aircraft must be the next most important consideration ; it is always safer to land out than to risk trying to get back with marginal height . 
From inside the room it must have looked like he was just hopping off into empty space , say goodbye to Buck Rogers , a suicide leap over a thirty-foot drop . 
It is an engagement in some respects not prosperously begun , for their marriage must be at a very uncertain distance ; and even secrecy , as far as it can be observed , may now be very advisable ."
Any omissions , misunderstandings or disagreements must be identified quickly and dealt with .
Under the Israel -PLO autonomy agreement , the clauses must be revoked by spring , and Prime Minister Shimon Peres has said he would freeze further peace negotiations if Arafat did not make good on his promise .
In recognising this we must not underestimate the contribution made to the industrialising economy by the earlier expansion of manufacturing in response to home and overseas demand . 
Yet he must chance it .
They must in their planning be able to count on at least tentative commitments of foreign capital assistance over periods of several years .
You must have the correct access equipment before attempting any kind of roof work . 
Anybody who swears allegiance to United must share the same sense of dismay at what has happened , and what is still going on -- for me , it 's almost a sense of revulsion . 
Those in smaller ponds must experience much lower temperatures when the water about them freezes . 
Margery knew what she had put there : it was the radish - row ; these must be radish leaves .
" I must go off at once ; I have to take the chair at a Humanitarian meeting ."
Due credit for this transformation must be given to the brash and charming American champion , Walter Hagen , who lived like a millionaire and ignored the social conventions of the day . 
It was impossible but that Mrs Clay must hate the sight of Mr Elliot ; and yet she could assume a most obliging , placid look , and appear quite satisfied with the curtailed license of devoting herself only half as much to Sir Walter as she would have done otherwise .
The extreme sweetness of her temper must hurt his .
The stranger who looked for the first time at the quaint red houses could only think how very oddly shaped the people must be who could fit in to them .
When they had gone , he stood for a minute breathing in the mustiness of old paper and leather which the busily thrumming air conditioner couldn't quite dispel .
These patients are unable to defecate voluntarily and must therefore rely upon stimulation of bowel reflexes with or without manual evacuation to complete defecation . 
You must turn your back , shut your eyes , and toss it over your shoulder . " 
I shall do so : But I must also feele it as a man ; I cannot but remember such things were That were most precious to me : Did heauen looke on , And would not take their part ?
I have been making discoveries and forming plans , just like yourself , and I must tell them while the idea is fresh .
24 : 5 And the servant said unto him , Peradventure the woman will not be willing to follow me unto this land : must I needs bring thy son again unto the land from whence thou camest ?
She inherits her mother ' s talents , and must have been under subjection to her ."
Monsieur Favre's threat would become a reality , for he continued to proclaim loudly that the city must rid itself of `` that Frenchman '' .
But I find Ruether to be fully justified : one must , as a theologian , make some judgement as to what the scriptures are about , and Ruether is explicit as to how she reads . 
Last and most important we must not dream of effecting our -- our final settlement , which will be a thing as famous as the Phoenix Park murders , unless we have made real and precise arrangements for our isolation -- I will not say our safety .
Carbon will be completely coated by what it has removed after six weeks and must be discarded . 
She tried to be calm , and leave things to take their course , and tried to dwell much on this argument of rational dependence :-- " Surely , if there be constant attachment on each side , our hearts must understand each other ere long .
It may be proper to conceal their engagement ( if they ARE engaged ) from Mrs . Smith -- and if that is the case , it must be highly expedient for Willoughby to be but little in Devonshire at present .
As your Solicitor is no longer acting for you , you must be prepared to address the Court on your own behalf . 
they must be free of oil , wax and dust .
I hope you will be pleased with my son ; but you must not expect a prodigy .
Mr Bruton said those who believed that a British withdrawal , or a declaration in favour of a British withdrawal , would help solve the problem must answer these questions : 
The blasted thing must come down somewhere .
She must be collected and calm .
I am sure Miss Fairfax must have found the evening pleasant , Emma .
He was now esteemed quite worthy to address the daughter of a foolish , spendthrift baronet , who had not had principle or sense enough to maintain himself in the situation in which Providence had placed him , and who could give his daughter at present but a small part of the share of ten thousand pounds which must be hers hereafter .
" They were very polite while I was here with them , but they must have boiled and fumed with indignation when they left me , " he said , chuckling . 
` My friend Knightley ' had been so often mentioned , that I was really impatient to see him ; and I must do my caro sposo the justice to say that he need not be ashamed of his friend .
10 : 16 And other sheep I have , which are not of this fold : them also I must bring , and they shall hear my voice ; and there shall be one fold , and one shepherd .
" But I ," he soon added , " who have had no such charm thrown over my senses , must still see , hear , and remember .
The delight you must experience in the constant change of scene and the daily occurrences of so many objects of the highest interest is beyond our conception …
However , Joanna and I must be strictly ethical . 
At crisis talks in London , the Prime Minister has warned all sides involved in the strife in the former Yugoslavia that they must compromise or face total isolation . 
This phenomenon must be considered in calculations of sample size and power during design of future trials , and also may influence how clinical and regulatory bodies interpret trial results .
I shall be a great deal too far off to trouble myself about you : you must manage the best way you can ;-- but I must be kind to them ,' thought Alice , ' or perhaps they won ' t walk the way I want to go !
" The soldier must be calm in the thick of the battle ," pursued the policeman .
" I hope you did not venture far , Miss Fairfax , this morning , or I am sure you must have been wet .-- We scarcely got home in time .
" She seems a most valuable woman indeed -- Her house , her style of living , all bespeak an exceeding good income ; and it is an acquaintance that has not only been of great use to you hitherto , but in the end may prove materially advantageous .-- Her inviting you to town is certainly a vast thing in your favour ; and indeed , it speaks altogether so great a regard for you , that in all probability when she dies you will not be forgotten .-- She must have a great deal to leave ."
My mouth waters for the buns , and have ' em I must now ."
17 : 13 He that is born in thy house , and he that is bought with thy money , must needs be circumcised : and my covenant shall be in your flesh for an everlasting covenant .
She had a longish , plain face with a straight nose and almost no eyebrows ; she must have plucked them away in order to repaint them in higher up . 
In the daily interchange of news , they must be again restricted to the other topics with which for a while the Sucklings ' coming had been united , such as the last accounts of Mrs . Churchill , whose health seemed every day to supply a different report , and the situation of Mrs . Weston , whose happiness it was to be hoped might eventually be as much increased by the arrival of a child , as that of all her neighbours was by the approach of it .
We must avoid any confusion at this late stage . 
Must say I 've heard dafter ideas , luv , but not lately . 
After having walked up and down his room , conversing with himself , for some time , the attorney concluded that the agency must be given to somebody when Sir Arthur should have to attend his duty in Parliament ; that the agency , even for the winter season , was not a thing to be neglected ; and that , if he managed well , he might yet secure it for himself .
Gentlemen all : Alas , what shall I say , My credit now stands on such slippery ground , That one of two bad wayes you must conceit me , Either a Coward , or a Flatterer .
It was the story of _Pilgrim ' s Progress_ ; if you have never heard it , you must be sure to read it as soon as you can read well enough to understand the old - fashioned words .
Properly mindful of all the cultures in existence today throughout the world , we must employ these resources without war or violent revolution .
the blockading force must be powerful enough to enforce it ; ;
Five minutes went by as she reflected that Rosemary must be feeling as miserable as Travis , then , checking to see that Travis was all right as she passed , she went to bed . 
Anne admired the good acting of the friend , in being able to shew such pleasure as she did , in the expectation and in the actual arrival of the very person whose presence must really be interfering with her prime object .
`` My dear , you must be mistaken '' .
I 've been waiting all this time for a baby , but I must admit the carrying of it is more tiring than I 'd expected . " 
But one or the other , if not both of them , I must have .
" I must buy some of those good things , for I have got some halfpence in my pocket ."
The first said unto him , I have bought a piece of ground , and I must needs go and see it : I pray thee have me excused .
I could not believe it .-- My mother was the first person who told me of it ; and I , feeling myself called on to act with resolution , immediately said to her , ' My dear madam , I do not know what you may intend to do on the occasion , but as for myself , I must say , that if Edward does marry this young woman , I never will see him again .'
If you received this eBook on a physical medium ( such as a disk ), you must return it with your request .
It must be sensible to delay breeding until the mare has had a chance to prove herself as a sound , willing ride . 
To proceed from one stage to the next a sufficient number of feed states must be investigated to allow for interpolation ; ;
And having gone through what immediately followed of the basis of their disagreement , and his persisting to act in direct opposition to Jane Fairfax ' s sense of right , he made a fuller pause to say , " This is very bad .-- He had induced her to place herself , for his sake , in a situation of extreme difficulty and uneasiness , and it should have been his first object to prevent her from suffering unnecessarily .-- She must have had much more to contend with , in carrying on the correspondence , than he could .
Czechoslovakia must count as one of the most beautiful countries in Europe .
Mr Justice Stable told a jury that the words ` to deprave and corrupt " must not be construed as ` to shock and disgust " , which is not a criminal offence , the argument Lord Gardiner had deployed in gaining an acquittal in the Lady Chatterley case . 
A young lady who faints , must be recovered ; questions must be answered , and surprizes be explained .
23 : 12 And he answered and said , Must I not take heed to speak that which the LORD hath put in my mouth ?
Silver won ' t do for so many ; gold is what must cross my hand ."
I must add at once that these animals are what we call `` queens '' , young females that have mated in the previous summer or autumn .
Repossessing myself of my former and wiser purpose , I whipped out of the way of the general search that must follow ; and returned here not later than eight o ' clock .
" Did she know ?-- had she heard any thing about her , since their being at Randalls ?-- he felt much anxiety -- he must confess that the nature of her complaint alarmed him considerably ."
But first , we must define two terms so that their meaning will be clearly understood : form -- any unique sequence of alphabetic characters that can appear in a language preceded and followed by a space ; ;
Emma divined what every body present must be thinking .
" To be sure -- our discordancies must always arise from my being in the wrong ."
16 : 29 Then he called for a light , and sprang in , and came trembling , and fell down before Paul and Silas , 16 : 30 And brought them out , and said , Sirs , what must I do to be saved ?
YOUR competence and MY wealth are very much alike , I dare say ; and without them , as the world goes now , we shall both agree that every kind of external comfort must be wanting .
Consider , she is sitting down -- which naturally presents a different -- which in short gives exactly the idea -- and the proportions must be preserved , you know .
Think , then , what I must have endured in hearing it bandied between the Eltons with all the vulgarity of needless repetition , and all the insolence of imaginary superiority .
This in turn creates one of the most difficult problems of all , a personal one which many government servants , and agents or consultants must feel . 
He ran to look for it in the street , but could not find it , which I was very glad of ; but I was very sorry just now to find it myself lying upon this heap of shavings , sir , under this broken window ; for , as soon as I saw it lying there , I knew I must have been the person that broke the window ; and through this window came the white pigeon .
Not a soul of all my relations know of it but Anne , and I never should have mentioned it to you , if I had not felt the greatest dependence in the world upon your secrecy ; and I really thought my behaviour in asking so many questions about Mrs . Ferrars must seem so odd , that it ought to be explained .
From the very start the surface temperature on Venus must have been much hotter than that on Earth -- purely because of the planets proximity to the Sun .
Miss Woodhouse must excuse me .
And divers must be enjoined to look before they leap , either on top of someone else or onto a pool edge .
Minton must have recognised its truth for he bequeathed it in his will to the Royal College of Art where it hangs as a memorial to him . 
For an experiment to qualify as a binomial experiment , it must have four properties : ( 1 ) there must be a fixed number of trials , ( 2 ) each trial must result in a `` success '' or a `` failure '' ( a binomial trial ) , ( 3 ) all trials must have identical probabilities of success , ( 4 ) the trials must be independent of each other .
Underneath his suit , he must be glowing like a fresh-cooked lobster . 
For some reason , this letter so unnerved her that she thought she must rush down to the sea at once , and run the thudding in her head quite out of it . 
We must go in the carriage , to be sure ."
cried Stubb --" he must have been caught in --"
You will get the lazy child who copies what the next child is doing and these copiers must be helped to think for themselves .
He made the mistake of answering in an offhand way , and instantly realized that his skepticism must have showed in his face or voice .
And it must be allowed that nothing in nature can have a better effect than Mr . Drake ' s flesh - colour and blue , with this Spanish hat , ma ' m , you see .
We must not , in short , fight until we have thrown them off our scent , if only for a moment .
And further he must understand his obligation to the client to not only meet his physical necessities but also to enhance and improve his life and to enlarge the cultural horizon of our society .
Somebody said that _Miss_ Gilbert was expected at her brother ' s , and must be invited with the rest .
He wished to persuade Mr . Woodhouse , as well as Emma , to join the party ; and he knew that to have any of them sitting down out of doors to eat would inevitably make him ill . Mr . Woodhouse must not , under the specious pretence of a morning drive , and an hour or two spent at Donwell , be tempted away to his misery .
However , before the sale can go ahead the Trust must obtain permission from the courts to modify the will of the Trust 's founder , Sir Henry Wellcome .
6 : 21 This is the law of the Nazarite who hath vowed , and of his offering unto the LORD for his separation , beside that that his hand shall get : according to the vow which he vowed , so he must do after the law of his separation .
The history of the U.N. demonstrates that in a pluralistic world we must develop processes of influence and persuasion rather than coercion .
They must be bonded with thermo-stable epoxy resin ( see Chapter 4 ) . 
She feared it was what every body else must think of and predict .
I shall have no money to give him : I must give back his shells , and that ' s a great pity ."
Elinor contradicted it , however , very positively ; and by relating that she had herself been employed in conveying the offer from Colonel Brandon to Edward , and , therefore , must understand the terms on which it was given , obliged him to submit to her authority .
All this is evidence , if any were needed , that the allies must tiptoe as carefully as possible in this region of broken pride and prickly sensitivities . 
and we think them largely futile because , for true excellence of accomplishment , every scholar and every artist must cross boundaries of knowledge and boundaries of points of view .
The spokesman added : ` The weapon was being discharged , but he must have noticed what was going on because he rang up saying who he was and apologised . 
So afraid you might have a headache !-- seeing you pass by so often , and knowing how much trouble you must have .
Lastly , it must always be kept in mind that there will be no need to register financing devices which the law of personal property does not treat as charges ; for example , title reservation .
With all his heart he had loved the Navy and now he must act in accordance with the Navy's implacable laws .
She must have put his clothes in the closet .
And as for a tiller , the whale - boat never admits of any such effeminacy ; and therefore as in gamming a complete boat ' s crew must leave the ship , and hence as the boat steerer or harpooneer is of the number , that subordinate is the steersman upon the occasion , and the captain , having no place to sit in , is pulled off to his visit all standing like a pine tree .
Captain Wentworth must be out of sight .
She was too certain that she had heard from her husband ' s own lips the words , " I MUST LEAVE YOU IN THREE DAYS "; and she wished that she could sleep again , and think it all a dream .
But as I have always had a thoroughly good opinion of Miss Fairfax , I never could , under any blunder , have spoken ill of her ; and as to speaking ill of him , there I must have been safe ."
Forgiveness is the door through which a person must pass to enter the Kingdom of God .
She must have seen my surprise , for she then used a native word for an unwanted or deformed child , or one born out of wedlock , much uglier than the word ` bastard '' .
If you 're Libyan or Lebanese you must be a terrorist . "
It was soon realized by many of the middle class that ` time is money " and consequently must be carefully regulated and used economically . 
It must have been distasteful for a man whose principles were always of the very highest . 
She must have realised that she was no longer encumbered , but completely free .
Here , after all , was a program ( Aid to Families with Dependent Children ) that , judged by current lights , must be rated one of the most successful social experiments of all time .
You must put a growl in your own voice when reprimanding the pup , while holding the loose skin on the neck . 
Their own good - nature must point out to them the real cruelty of appearing to know any thing about it when she is present ; and the less that may ever be said to myself on the subject , the more my feelings will be spared , as you my dear madam will easily believe ."
Last week a federal appeals court ruled that White House lawyers must hand over notes of their conversations with first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton to Whitewater Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr .
I have now as good a chance as Leonora , perhaps a better ; and must I give up all my hopes -- all that I have been labouring for this month past ?
The Reverend Richard Rowland Ward , who built the hall in 1821 , must have been a desperately romantic character . 
The Poitevin barons must have felt the way Henry Morgan 's old associates were to feel when he was appointed Governor of Jamaica with orders to stamp out piracy . 
She must allow him to be still frequently coming to look ; any thing less would certainly have been too little in a lover ; and he was ready at the smallest intermission of the pencil , to jump up and see the progress , and be charmed .-- There was no being displeased with such an encourager , for his admiration made him discern a likeness almost before it was possible .
I was obsessed with being flat-chested and unglamorous and I used to harp on about how he must be hankering for someone more glamorous . " 
And when he was alone again in the cabin , Alexander lowered his head into his arms and wept , for he knew full well what must be done , what in the end would be done .
Events of every description , changes , alienations , removals -- all , all must be comprised in it , and oblivion of the past -- how natural , how certain too !
And if the parents are to get all the food they need , it must be in an area where there is a great number of moths and other insects flying at night . 
Food must be bagged and boxed , and taken to the patient , for nothing nutritious will be otherwise provided . 
If many of the characters in contemporary novels appear to be the bloodless relations of characters in a case history it is because the novelist is often forgetful today that those things that we call character manifest themselves in surface behavior , that the ego is still the executive agency of personality , and that all we know of personality must be discerned through the ego .
You say contemptuously that when one has left Sloane Square one must come to Victoria .
The pipebridge section alone held five tons of hot water when it was full and in all we must have pumped hundreds of tons around the system . 
` No , " she answered , ` but there is something we must discuss . " 
Leaving aside the choice of unilateral cessation of tests as neither sane nor clearly moral , the question must arise as to why resumption of atmospheric tests on our part would not be a good choice .
The extent to which participating bodies such as U. S. voluntary agencies , universities , international organizations , and the host country or institutions in the host country can and should share the cost of the Peace Corps programs must be fully explored .
Whatever the motives behind the truly stupendous achievements in the field of religious building by people of all races and creeds throughout the centuries , there can be no doubt that those motives must be extremely powerful . 
For the near term , however , it must be realized that the industrial and commercial market is somewhat more sensitive to general business conditions than is the military market , and for this reason I would expect that any gain in 1961 may be somewhat smaller than those of recent years ; ;
( Alice thought this must be the right way of speaking to a mouse : she had never done such a thing before , but she remembered having seen in her brother ' s Latin Grammar , ' A mouse -- of a mouse -- to a mouse -- a mouse -- O mouse !')
This can be purchased at any computer supply store ( it 's basically isopropyl alcohol ) , then you must activate the disk drive . 
Anyone suffering from a mental handicap and who is living in a mental hospital must complete a declaration that he or she wishes to register for the right to vote . 
Think of your mother ; think of her misery while YOU suffer : for her sake you must exert yourself ."
Being pretty well aware of what sort of joy you must both be feeling , I have been in no hurry with my congratulations ; but I hope it all went off tolerably well .
A man must be very much in love , indeed , to describe her so .
Upon searching , it was found that the casks last struck into the hold were perfectly sound , and that the leak must be further off .
The moderns say we must not punish heretics .
He was concerned that the room must be left just as Durance would have wished . 
I can fancy a morbid man feeling he must kill his rival in the solitude and irony of such a scene .
" Captain Ahab ," said Tashtego , " that white whale must be the same that some call Moby Dick ."
Langue , not parole must be the primary object of a science which aims to show how language functions . 
After all , a policy advocate of whatever persuasion ought to be able to make a case for his position without relying on calculations that count the same benefits twice , or forgetting that foreign exchange must either be spent on imports or invested abroad , that it ca n't just disappear .
We must meet this situation by promoting a rising volume of exports and world trade .
This contradicts the preceding observations , and so , under the assumption of this paper , we must reject the possibility that **zg is a Af curve on a quadric surface .
Such conventions are prescribed neither by statute nor by judicial interpretation , so one must study instead scholarly interpretations of political behaviour and practice . 
Some unknown conduits from the unknown worlds must empty into thee !"
One example of this was his assertion that `` all servile revolts must be dealt with by physical force '' .
If the existent form is to be retained new factors that reinforce it must be introduced into the situation .
Furthermore , he must regard religion as the expression of human forces .
I have made no enquiries , because I concluded you must have been obliged to give up the party ."
Properly done , this prevents the ferret from opening its mouth , but care must be taken to make sure that the animal 's whiskers are neither disturbed nor disarranged . 
But because of the peculiar nature of the military situation in Laos , the Soviet leader must be tempted to let things ride -- a course that would appear to cost him little on the spot , but would bog Washington in a tactical mess .
There must be some round earth to plant the cross upon .
To create a strong sense of place , the surroundings must be all of a piece ; space , mass , shapes , and materials must reflect the same sensibility .
It boasted a team of five surgeons -- Doctors Slachman , Eisenstat , Bloodnott , Nudleman and Smith ( Smith must be a foreigner ) .
I , and brought off the field : your cause of sorrow Must not be measur ' d by his worth , for then It hath no end
Against this background , the new East German leader must move quickly to shore up his government 's standing .
We met her , too , as the patron goddess of the birds ' nest gatherers of southern Java , who pursue what must be one of the world 's most hair-raising professions . 
Then he must win a proposed world super-bantamweight unification match against WBC champion Tracey Patterson the adopted son of the legendary Floyd to at long last approach the big money bracket .
She must be allowed to be a favourer of matrimony , you know ; and ( since self will intrude ) who can say that she may not have some flying visions of attending the next Lady Elliot , through Mrs Wallis ' s recommendation ?"
Breake not your sleepes for that , You must not thinke That we are made of stuffe , so flat , and dull , That we can let our Beard be shooke with danger , And thinke it pastime .
`` The Palestinian Authority must decide to disarm the terrorists or risk endangering its authority . ''
The brewer must now extract these sugars by adding more hot water and so transfers the mash to a mash-tun . 
So they must have stepped past her , into the church , into that dreadful room . 
The teams must include at least one person with no working knowledge of education . 
Secure : Any store must be secure and kept locked unless under continuous observation by a suitable person to prevent unauthorised entry .
One thing becomes clear about large animal size : such creatures must have an abundant supply of food .
`` You must make an opera out of this material '' .
` Really , Marjorie , you must n't let yourself be infected by the hysterical nonsense in this morning 's papers . 
For with any recovery from morbidity there must go a certain healthy humiliation .
Concern for her unhappiness , and respect for her fortitude under it , must strengthen every attachment .
oh really he must be smart yeah
Despite this assertion of confidence in the judiciary , there must be some doubt as to whether the law as it has evolved is in the best interests of the victim . 
Nevertheless there are difficulties here which must be confronted if both multicultural and antiracist attempts at the development of alternative curricula and popular cultural forms are to avoid oversimplification and naïvety .
They had been thrown together several weeks ; they had been living in the same small family party : since Henrietta ' s coming away , they must have been depending almost entirely on each other , and Louisa , just recovering from illness , had been in an interesting state , and Captain Benwick was not inconsolable .
So shall I Loue , and so I pray be you : Let your remembrance apply to Banquo , Present him Eminence , both with Eye and Tongue : Vnsafe the while , that wee must laue Our Honors in these flattering streames , And make our Faces Vizards to our Hearts , Disguising what they are
She must not appear to think it a misfortune .-- With all the spirits she could command , she prepared him first for something strange , and then , in a few words , said , that if his consent and approbation could be obtained -- which , she trusted , would be attended with no difficulty , since it was a plan to promote the happiness of all -- she and Mr . Knightley meant to marry ; by which means Hartfield would receive the constant addition of that person ' s company whom she knew he loved , next to his daughters and Mrs . Weston , best in the world .
` We really must find out when Karl is coming back , " Frau Nordern went on . 
To get betimes in Boston town I rose this morning early , Here ' s a good place at the corner , I must stand and see the show .
We must be serious and decided ; for after all , the person who has contracted debts must pay them ; and though a great deal is due to the feelings of the gentleman , and the head of a house , like your father , there is still more due to the character of an honest man ."
And if we obey God , we must disobey ourselves ; and it is in this disobeying ourselves , wherein the hardness of obeying God consists .
But briefly , the topping configuration must be examined for its inferences .
In a pessimistic assessment of the cold war , Eden declared : `` There must be much closer unity within the West before there can be effective negotiation with the East '' .
Meanwhile , the whale he had struck must also have been on its travels ; no doubt it had thrice circumnavigated the globe , brushing with its flanks all the coasts of Africa ; but to no purpose .
20 : 9 For as yet they knew not the scripture , that he must rise again from the dead .
His voice at once announced that he was a Southerner , and from his fine stature , I thought he must be one of those tall mountaineers from the Alleghanian Ridge in Virginia .
DOUG Blewitt must rank as a contender for the most unsung hero of North-East business .
" The clock ," added he , whispering , " must have been wrong , for it had not done striking when we began .
So sorry about your hubby 's mishap though , it must be awkward having no arms and legs at all now , I did shout for you to stop but the wind was blowing the other way . 
Considering , therefore , that squalls and capsizings in the water and consequent bivouacks on the deep , were matters of common occurrence in this kind of life ; considering that at the superlatively critical instant of going on to the whale I must resign my life into the hands of him who steered the boat -- oftentimes a fellow who at that very moment is in his impetuousness upon the point of scuttling the craft with his own frantic stampings ; considering that the particular disaster to our own particular boat was chiefly to be imputed to Starbuck ' s driving on to his whale almost in the teeth of a squall , and considering that Starbuck , notwithstanding , was famous for his great heedfulness in the fishery ; considering that I belonged to this uncommonly prudent Starbuck ' s boat ; and finally considering in what a devil ' s chase I was implicated , touching the White Whale : taking all things together , I say , I thought I might as well go below and make a rough draft of my will .
I had not considered that my excessive intimacy must have its danger of ill consequence in many ways ; and that I had no right to be trying whether I could attach myself to either of the girls , at the risk of raising even an unpleasant report , were there no other ill effects .
You must be the best judge of your own happiness .
If the law can do nothing we must take the risk ourselves . "
The several price quotations which have been collected for each of the 350 items in the ` basket " must be averaged and then divided by the average price of that item in January 1985 . 
I concluded that this harpooneer , in the course of his distant voyages , must have met with a similar adventure .
Furthermore , in a C reorganization the continuing interest of stockholders of the corporation which paid the tax must be greater than is necessary in a statutory merger , to which the statute is clearly inapplicable .
Again the prosecution must rely on what the driver tells them or on written instructions and, in rare cases, on admissions by the employer . 
Must you be going on ?
She clashed her talons on the bars , brought her beak down on them as well in a way that must have pained her , and swung sideways towards Creggan . 
Certain matters must however have been put in hand for on 18 August Sir William wrote requesting one of ` Mr Plenty 's designed lifeboats of 20 feet length " , and the Committee gave approval on 25 August . 
Although a substantial short position reflects heavy speculation that a stock 's price will decline , some investors consider an increase in short interest bullish because the borrowed shares eventually must be bought back .
No , she would not pretend modesty , but neither must she be crudely bold .
are you never to hear yourself praised !-- Then you must be no friend of mine ; for those who will accept of my love and esteem , must submit to my open commendation ."
" You must give me time ," said MacIan , quite patiently , " for I am trying to tell the whole truth .
Convention demanded that a woman must skirt around the truth , fobbing off a man while leading him on . 
Once I pass ' d through a populous city imprinting my brain for future use with its shows , architecture , customs , traditions , Yet now of all that city I remember only a woman I casually met there who detain ' d me for love of me , Day by day and night by night we were together -- all else has long been forgotten by me , I remember I say only that woman who passionately clung to me , Again we wander , we love , we separate again , Again she holds me by the hand , I must not go , I see her close beside me with silent lips sad and tremulous .
I must admit , it was rather cruel of me to take advantage of your amiable nature . 
This may reflect the fact that TNF-? therapies for IBD are aimed at efficiently clearing TNF-? , while IL -10 therapies must increase IL-10 and recombinant IL-10 is likely too rapidly cleared from the circulation after in vivo administration to provide a uniform protection [ 55 ] . On the other hand , IL -10 gene transfer technology has been used with some success in models of colitis , however its effectiveness is also variable .
as a result buyers , the public , must be satisfied with second-rate teachers .
She stopt to blush and laugh at her own relapse , and then resumed a more serious , more dispiriting cogitation upon what had been , and might be , and must be .
Since he can neither accept nor reject them all , he must be governed by the time and energy available for his prime professional obligations .
But when there is not freedom and opportunity to choose , men -- individual men -- must remain in status and society does not , cannot , progress .
` You must be jokin' , Mister Mayor , " roared Jake , ` Them 's guilty , o'course , guilty as guilty can be ! 
Adult anglers in Germany must take evening classes and pass a multiple choice test before they can get their rod licence . 
And I must be from thence ?
Suddenly we found ourselves the proud owners of three switchboards , two lines , thirteen phones and a miraculous fax ( ` Oooh , you must have to roll them up ever so small '' ) machine .
" Not here ; this way ," said he , drawing him towards the dark passage : " what I have to say must not be overheard .
` It 's such a wonderful position , and it must look quite spectacular from the canal . 
If the less developed countries are to be persuaded to adopt a long-term approach , the United States , as the principal supplier of external aid , must be prepared to give long-term commitments .
Around the campfire crouched three red-bearded highlanders , clad in considerable quantities of musty-looking tartan and armed to the yellow teeth . 
He cited East Germany where after 15 years of Soviet rule it has become necessary to build a wall to keep the people in , and added , `` so long as people rebel , we must not give up '' .
She is rather done for this morning , and must not go so far without help , and I ought to be at that fellow ' s in the Market Place .
Whenever she is with us , Mrs . Cole does not know how to shew her kindness enough ; and I must say that Jane deserves it as much as any body can .
Guillermo Ortiz 's Sept. 15 Americas column , `` Mexico 's Been Bitten by the Privatization Bug , '' is a refreshingly clear statement of his government 's commitment to privatization , and must be welcomed as such by all Americans who wish his country well .
As these maladies overlap , so must the cure .
` This time , though , you have walked into what must be a time of private family discussion . "
` You must be raving , " Silas snorted . 
This is the stage at which democratic developments must take place if the society is to become an open community of creative people .
17 : 10 And there are seven kings : five are fallen , and one is , and the other is not yet come ; and when he cometh , he must continue a short space .
In that sloping afternoon sunlight , the shadows that the three boats sent down beneath the surface , must have been long enough and broad enough to shade half Xerxes ' army .
The possibility must have made Eleanor 's ancestors turn in their graves . 
For all she knew , the pilot in the Spitfire pursuing his enemy low across the fields was Johnny , and if anyone were to die in that encounter , it must not be him . 
13 : 33 Nevertheless I must walk to day , and to morrow , and the day following : for it cannot be that a prophet perish out of Jerusalem .
Whether owing to the almost omniscient look - outs at the mast - heads of the whaleships , now penetrating even through Behring ' s straits , and into the remotest secret drawers and lockers of the world ; and the thousand harpoons and lances darted along all continental coasts ; the moot point is , whether Leviathan can long endure so wide a chase , and so remorseless a havoc ; whether he must not at last be exterminated from the waters , and the last whale , like the last man , smoke his last pipe , and then himself evaporate in the final puff .
Colonel Brandon must be the man ; and no civility shall be wanting on my part to make him pleased with you and your family .
` You really must see this , " Jeremy explains as he pockets the ignition key , ` it 's the heart of the nightlife area . 
I thought it must be so .
Much thou hast yet to see ; but I perceive Thy mortal sight to fail ; objects divine Must needs impair and weary human sense : Henceforth what is to come I will relate ; Thou therefore give due audience , and attend .
In Judaism the bereaved person must be surrounded with friends and relatives for the first week and cared for . 
Today , in the era of the integrated musical when an individual song must contribute to the over-all development of the show , it is understandable that a song , no matter how excellent it may be on its own terms , is cut out because it does not perform the function required of it .
While all these contrivances give us the pleasure of moving water , we must spare a thought for the plants beneath . 
We must not allow them to be verified in sweet Jane Fairfax ."
30 : 16 And Jacob came out of the field in the evening , and Leah went out to meet him , and said , Thou must come in unto me ; for surely I have hired thee with my son ' s mandrakes .
It was to herself an amusing and a very welcome piece of news , as proving that Mr . Elton could not have suffered long ; but she was sorry for Harriet : Harriet must feel it -- and all that she could hope was , by giving the first information herself , to save her from hearing it abruptly from others .
I must order the carriage .
We must see what is at the end of the road of sand ; it may be a bridge built across the gulf by God ."
He replied , that it was very likely such coins had been found at Rossmore Castle , and that the ladies alluded to had probably seen them ; but he positively declared that they never came to his hands ; that he had restored all that were deposited with him ; and that , as to the others , he supposed they must have been taken out of the pot by the children , or by Edmund or Mary on their way from the ladies ' house to his .
If this must be done , they should always be corked and kept in a cool place ; ;
Two maids and two men , indeed !-- as I talked of t ' other day .-- No , no , they must get a stout girl of all works .-- Betty ' s sister would never do for them NOW ."
" But why should such precaution be used ?-- Though it is not to be supposed that Mrs . Ferrars can have the smallest satisfaction in knowing that her son has money enough to live upon ,-- for THAT must be quite out of the question ; yet why , upon her late behaviour , is she supposed to feel at all ?-- She has done with her son , she cast him off for ever , and has made all those over whom she had any influence , cast him off likewise .
Sustainable use is the key idea behind any kind of progress and we must do everything we can to support this , both in terms of financial aid and consumer ethics . 
The Prince of Cumberland : that is a step , On which I must fall downe , or else o ' re - leape , For in my way it lyes .
However , in this case a decision must be made and is often given on the flimsiest of grounds ( though that is not the fault of the refereeing panel ) . 
There must be a fixed number n of repeated trials .
But Mary did not give into it very graciously , whether from not considering Captain Benwick entitled by birth and situation to be in love with an Elliot , or from not wanting to believe Anne a greater attraction to Uppercross than herself , must be left to be guessed .
He must have found it very tiresome , although I did sing in tune , and I 'm afraid went through several verses . 
Do not wonder that I said to thee , ' You must be born again ' '' .
Spring cabbages must be sown by early to mid-August . 
The general rule , however , is that for you to be justified in ending the relationship , the breach of contract must in itself be serious . 
She thought they must have looked ridiculous , two people over thirty surreptitiously clawing at each other through layer upon layer of raincoat , wool and cotton . 
My doctor tells me that leg of his must still be hurting like the devil . 
God must have sent good kids on the premise that my maternal inadequacies would ensure their return within the fortnight , had he sent anything too difficult . 
` You must do what you think fit , " he said , rising from the bed and brushing past her ; her gaze followed him , sweeping his nakedness . 
She must have been a perpetual enemy .
The escalation must end sometime , and probably quite soon .
Walk-in shower cabinets are popular where space and budget permit , but ventilation must be adequate to avoid suffocation in the steam , and shower pressure should be tested to avoid a needle sharp spray . 
Once we have made clear that we are genuinely concerned with a country's development potential , we can be blunt in suggesting the technical conditions that must be met for development to occur .
Fye , ' tis a fault to Heauen , A fault against the Dead , a fault to Nature , To Reason most absurd , whose common Theame Is death of Fathers , and who still hath cried , From the first Coarse , till he that dyed to day , This must be so .
From here you can easily include a side trip to the old whaling port of Nantucket , Massachusetts , which looks just as it must have two centuries ago .
Having alluded to " an accident ," he must hear the whole .
They must get just as nigh the water as they possibly can without falling in .
Maurice Brun cleared his throat and said : " Of course we must help the master in every way , but --"
They can not breed without water , and their thin skins must be kept moist or they will dehydrate and die .
And as to my dear little boys , I must say , that if Aunt Emma has not time for them , I do not think they would fare much better with Uncle Knightley , who is absent from home about five hours where she is absent one -- and who , when he is at home , is either reading to himself or settling his accounts ."
`` Well , with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that wouldn't be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation '' .
You must know , I got off the fish to - day that my father could not sell yesterday in the market -- got it off for fresh just out of the river -- got twice as much as the market price for it ; and from whom , think you ?
There must be the same immediate association of thought , though she was very far from conceiving it to be of equal pain .
We must not believe a word that Herman says , for she described her Christmas stocking differently , and with some pleasure . 
These must have been for local calls strictly , as in May 1900 the `` only long distance telephone '' in town was transferred from C. B. Carleton's to Young's shoe store .
Particular regions on the coat proteins of viruses must bind to receptor molecules in the cell membrane before the viruses can enter animal cells . 
He must become more expressive of his own desires , more demanding and less ' understanding ' '' .
His mum must have told him off for being such a cheat .
I wish you could have heard her honouring your forbearance , in being able to pay her such attentions , as she was for ever receiving from yourself and your father , when her society must be so irksome ."
She must understand you ."
Susan gave it to her father ; but she must not refuse a gown of our choosing this time ; and I am sure she will not , because her mother , I see , likes it .
But have him out of here we must , and quickly . " 
This is obvious when it is remembered that , during childbirth , the vagina must dilate enough to permit the passage of the baby .
You must keep your Card safely and take all possible care to avoid its loss or theft . 
" It must be very dangerous on the roof , " Melinda said . 
For a second Lindsey stood unmoving as Niall 's gaze swept with slow appreciation over her body , taking in every curve which , she realised , blushing hotly , must be emphasised beneath the damp robe . 
Here is a woman whose husband has been caught misappropriating funds , who must find a way to repay $274,000 within days .
Good reasons must of force giue place to better : The people ' twixt Philippi , and this ground Do stand but in a forc ' d affection : For they haue grug ' d vs Contribution .
Emma hung about him affectionately , and smiled , and said it must be so ; and that he must not class her with Isabella and Mrs . Weston , whose marriages taking them from Hartfield , had , indeed , made a melancholy change : but she was not going from Hartfield ; she should be always there ; she was introducing no change in their numbers or their comforts but for the better ; and she was very sure that he would be a great deal the happier for having Mr . Knightley always at hand , when he were once got used to the idea .-- Did he not love Mr . Knightley very much ?-- He would not deny that he did , she was sure .-- Whom did he ever want to consult on business but Mr .
SIR Ian McKellen ( Letters , March 29 ) must not be allowed to get away with his blanket assertion that equality for homosexuals has been established throughout Europe . 
cried Captain Mayhew ; " thou must either --" But that instant a headlong wave shot the boat far ahead , and its seethings drowned all speech .
No need for a hat , but the hair must be pulled off the face to minimise distraction and caught at the nape in a black band into which she would stick a single green feather . 
Because of a missile's ballistic trajectory , the location of a fixed target must be known quite accurately .
You must come , indeed .
One thing , I am sure of , you must get an interest in life .
There is no direct evidence of natural traps from the cave at Westbury , but their potential significance must be remembered . 
When more than two figures are separated by subtraction symbols the subtraction must be carried out from the left to right if the result is to be correct .
` They must think we are mugs , offering us inferior players for our best player . " 
When at last Tamar and Stephen decided that they really must leave , Victoria pleaded for them to stay a little longer . 
A frightful thing has come upon me , and I know it must be now and here .
The lettuce , Swiss chard and rhubarb chard must be grown from seed -- all three are widely available .
Every body must be aware that Miss Taylor must be missed , but every body ought also to be assured that Mr . and Mrs . Weston do really prevent our missing her by any means to the extent we ourselves anticipated -- which is the exact truth ."
The manoeuvres of selfishness and duplicity must ever be revolting , but I have heard nothing which really surprises me .
He scorned them as a man of action must despise all faint-hearts . 
He had never been an unhappy man ; his own temper had secured him from that , even in his first marriage ; but his second must shew him how delightful a well - judging and truly amiable woman could be , and must give him the pleasantest proof of its being a great deal better to choose than to be chosen , to excite gratitude than to feel it .
You must've known I'd gone to get the sheriff .
Of all the sources of evil surrounding the former , since her coming to Highbury , she was persuaded that she must herself have been the worst .
" That I ' m sure of , my child ," said his mother , drawing him towards her and kissing him ; " you were always a good , industrious lad , THAT I will say afore your face or behind your back ;-- but it won ' t do now -- Lightfoot MUST go ."
One must , of course , be cautious in drawing conclusions from only two visits to an institution , but I can perhaps summarize my general impressions . 
But it must be admitted that the interpretation of the earlier building as a temple lacks conviction . 
It is on her account that attention to Randalls is doubly due , and she must doubly feel the omission .
They must always be risked .
" One should not praise one ' s self , they say ," continued Carlo , " but I long so much to gain your good opinion , that I must tell you the whole history of the rule you have restored .
The reason for distinguishing between murder and manslaughter must be to identify and to label the most heinous killings as murder , and it has been questioned whether English law succeeds in this . 
Blank lines must not be inserted between keywords .
` All this industry must be a sign of things looking good . " 
More than 120,000 soldiers have been battling the militants in the Kashmir valley , supported by locals , who look upon the security forces as a vengeful occupying force which must be opposed . 
From even the barely hinted imputation of usurpation , and the possible consequences of such a suppressed impression gaining ground , Ahab must of course have been most anxious to protect himself .
In the parliamentary democracies the parties must be able to mobilize the masses to vote every so often , but very few countries make voting compulsory .
and to have drunk of the deep waters , but ye must foul the residue with your feet ?
Had she followed Mr . Knightley ' s known wishes , in paying that attention to Miss Fairfax , which was every way her due ; had she tried to know her better ; had she done her part towards intimacy ; had she endeavoured to find a friend there instead of in Harriet Smith ; she must , in all probability , have been spared from every pain which pressed on her now .-- Birth , abilities , and education , had been equally marking one as an associate for her , to be received with gratitude ; and the other -- what was she ?-- Supposing even that they had never become intimate friends ; that she had never been admitted into Miss Fairfax ' s confidence on this important matter -- which was most probable -- still , in knowing her as she ought , and as she might , she must have been preserved from the abominable suspicions of an improper attachment to Mr . Dixon , which she had not only so foolishly fashioned and harboured herself , but had so unpardonably imparted ; an idea which she greatly feared had been made a subject of material distress to the delicacy of Jane ' s feelings , by the levity or carelessness of Frank Churchill ' s .
But the directions he had given us about keeping a yellow warehouse on our starboard hand till we opened a white church to the larboard , and then keeping that on the larboard hand till we made a corner three points to the starboard , and that done , then ask the first man we met where the place was : these crooked directions of his very much puzzled us at first , especially as , at the outset , Queequeg insisted that the yellow warehouse -- our first point of departure -- must be left on the larboard hand , whereas I had understood Peter Coffin to say it was on the starboard .
If she , Pamela , were being held responsible for his crimes , then hers must be the final act of expiation .
All timber MUST be treated with preservative .
Ile call vpon you straight : abide within , It is concluded : Banquo , thy Soules flight , If it finde Heauen , must finde it out to Night .
Over the rapidly-diminishing outline of a jump seat piled high with luggage Herry's black brushcut was just discernible , near , or enviably near that spot where -- hidden -- more delicately-textured , most beautifully tinted hair must still be streaming back in cool , oh cool wind sweetly perfumed with sagebrush and yucca flowers and engine fumes .
22 : 6 And he said unto me , These sayings are faithful and true : and the Lord God of the holy prophets sent his angel to shew unto his servants the things which must shortly be done .
While either of them protected him and his , Hartfield was safe .-- But Mr . John Knightley must be in London again by the end of the first week in November .
Bear in mind , too , that under these untoward circumstances he has to cut many feet deep in the flesh ; and in that subterraneous manner , without so much as getting one single peep into the ever - contracting gash thus made , he must skilfully steer clear of all adjacent , interdicted parts , and exactly divide the spine at a critical point hard by its insertion into the skull .
" Or that he did not give her the use of their own instrument -- which must now be shut up in London , untouched by any body ."
We must consider what Miss Fairfax quits , before we condemn her taste for what she goes to ."
I ' m sure she must have done it ; for here she was by herself half an hour or more , and not another creature has been in mistress ' dressing - room , to my certain knowledge , since morning .
In some cases , transcription factors may bind cooperatively to adjacent DNA sites via direct physical interaction [ 3 4 ] . In other cases , multiple transcription factors that bind independently may recruit a common co-activator [ 5 ] , or may act independently of one another to alter gene expression in response to distinct cellular cues [ 6 ] . Recent studies have also suggested that nearby transcription factors may collaboratively compete with nucleosomes , thus enhancing the binding of individual transcription factors [ 7 8 ] . Many experiments in yeast have shown that specific pairs of factors must be bound near each other for multifactorial regulation to occur [ 7 8 9 10 ] , and it is on these spatial constraints that we focus here .
Says Clarence Thompson : `` We dealers must earn our mark-up by performing a service for the builder cheaper than he could do it himself '' .
Clearly , the therapist must avoid taking sides in such discussion . 
` Even now you still believe your body to be so irresistible that I must be hungering for it ? " 
20 : 2 And he laid hold on the dragon , that old serpent , which is the Devil , and Satan , and bound him a thousand years , 20 : 3 And cast him into the bottomless pit , and shut him up , and set a seal upon him , that he should deceive the nations no more , till the thousand years should be fulfilled : and after that he must be loosed a little season .
But more important , we believe , it must concentrate on the development of entirely new concepts in textile processing as do the Unifil loom winder and our more recent Uniconer automatic coning machine .
Additional entries must be made from time to time .
The ground must be soft so babies wo n't hurt themselves . 
What volcano of emotion must have been boiling inside that youngster under his teasing and laughing , under his occasionally expressionless face ? 
It must be one of the most thrilling experiences possible to get into one of those tombs of the Kings though frightening m a way . " 
Therefore , the fourth principle of the plan must be that it provide for continuously increasing capabilities in the opponent .
Our part of London is very superior to most others !-- You must not confound us with London in general , my dear sir .
I know not that any other author has hinted of the matter ; but by inference it seems to me that the sturgeon must be divided in the same way as the whale , the King receiving the highly dense and elastic head peculiar to that fish , which , symbolically regarded , may possibly be humorously grounded upon some presumed congeniality .
21 : 17 And they said , There must be an inheritance for them that be escaped of Benjamin , that a tribe be not destroyed out of Israel .
to pay for him ; for though Talbot and I had him the same day , ' twas Talbot did for him , and Talbot must pay .
We had nearly decided that all the tales of Lao lethargy must be true , when we were invited to take a trip with the Prime Minister .
But farther than this you must not believe .
` I am sure you must be ,' said he , ` and I will send you another supply ; for I have a great many more than I can ever use .
` Of course you must be admitted to His Lordship , " burbled the majordomo . 
The child must phrase questions with care , compare and record answers , sift evidence and deduce the identity of the criminal . 
Your Brother too must dye : consent you Lepidus ?
I must remember to warn the girl next to you in Larkspur .
No matter how well work is planned , bad weather or unexpected setbacks can cause extra work that must be caught up .
No doubt many rich people could be cajoled into helping the museum , but we must escape our earlier , still absurd contempt for the accumulation of wealth . 
On a stage he always knew what to do , and tonight , to judge by the applause , he must be doing it better than usual .
Because they contain water , they must be stored in conditions where the temperature will not drop below 5°C , and must not be applied in cold , damp conditions , or when there is high humidity . 
Now , inclusive of the occasional wide intervals between the revolving outer circles , and inclusive of the spaces between the various pods in any one of those circles , the entire area at this juncture , embraced by the whole multitude , must have contained at least two or three square miles .
25 billion in assets two Swiss banks may pay to survivors this week , they must fill out forms asking them to : `` Please describe , in as much detail as you can , where the Subject was from 1934 to 1945 . ''
When David was Adam 's age he 'd taken to lighting joss sticks in his bedroom and anointing himself with patchouli , assuming that it disguised the faint but unmistakeable musty-sweet aroma that was exuded from his pores and lingered in the atmosphere . 
O I think it is not for life I am chanting here my chant of lovers , I think it must be for death , For how calm , how solemn it grows to ascend to the atmosphere of lovers , Death or life I am then indifferent , my soul declines to prefer , ( I am not sure but the high soul of lovers welcomes death most ,) Indeed O death , I think now these leaves mean precisely the same as you mean , Grow up taller sweet leaves that I may see !
Wherefore , you must now have perceived that the front of the Sperm Whale ' s head is a dead , blind wall , without a single organ or tender prominence of any sort whatsoever .
On March 21 , 1845 the bark Bashaw weighed anchor at New Orleans , while on the levee Henry and William Palfrey waved farewell to their father's former chattels who must have looked back at the receding shore with mingled regret and jubilation .
He must have a footman to carry his walking - stick ; a body servant to hold up his opera - glasses --"
Shiite lawmaker Qassim Dawood , who is sympathetic to the Kurds , said the sides must reach a compromise , or risk jeopardizing security gains made in the last year .
_I_ must taste it ," said Bab , taking the basin up greedily .
We must be ready for any needed sacrifice '' .
`` Certain people must have known about it '' .
But you must n't peek at my feet like that , poor horrible ugly deformed things . " 
There must also be the prospect of a profitable exit for the investors , and a target company that is able to generate enough cash to service its debt .
They must be freezing up there now .
The surface must not be touched and it must be stored in a cool dry place away from electrical equipment because it is magnetic .
he must pray to be spared .
Further , the corpuscular radiation , i.e. , the solar-wind protons , must sputter away the surface atoms of the dust and cause a slow diminution in size , with a resultant increase in both the Poynting-Robertson effect and the ratio of the repulsive force to the gravitational force .
But a body with a particular temperature must emit radiation at a certain rate . 
Several of the replies to Mr. Toynbee , without conscious resort to the traditional terminology with regard to the permission of evil , succeed in restoring the actual context in which present moral and political decisions must be made , by distinguishing between choosing a great evil and choosing in danger of this evil .
Such a man must be able and willing to give clear and sensible advice to the whole group , a person in whom all the member nations will have absolute confidence .
-- Then having recourse to her workbasket , in excuse for leaning down her face , and concealing all the exquisite feelings of delight and entertainment which she knew she must be expressing , she added , " Well , now tell me every thing ; make this intelligible to me .
Federal assistance is limited to half of the total expenditure , and the state or local districts must pay at least half .
In certain cases the law imposes very short time limits within which you must act . 
The crew of the Caravan never failed to amaze Ann , who during her stay in Salem must frequently have overheard strong sailorly language .
-- Although there was some variation in results which must be attributed either to trace impurities or to variation in wall effects , the photochemical exchange in the gas phase was sufficiently reproducible so that it seemed meaningful to compare the reaction rates in different series of reaction tubes for the purpose of obtaining information on the effect of chlorine concentration and of carbon tetrachloride concentration on the reaction rate .
each situation must be studied and a plan developed that takes into consideration such factors as the effect of the existing and prospective tax calendars , the financial condition of the treasuries , and the length of the transition interval .
And they must advance an argument about why human nature , which has presumably evolved in response to an enormous array of random forces , tells us anything about what is good or desirable in terms of the traits humans should possess .
Special damages must be calculated to date and verified by exhibiting vouchers ( eg employers ' letters ) .
Almost any one must have noticed that all the fish familiar to landsmen have not a flat , but a vertical , or up - and - down tail .
You must tell me . 
And just as domination today often begins with the wife , so the cure generally must lie with the husband .
You must have opened my wardrobe ."
On top of the many sacrifices public servants already must make -- disclosure , lower pay , restrictions on what they can do after they leave -- they must increasingly bank on being gratuitously ripped apart by a totally politicized confirmation process .
It believes that theological colleges and courses must take a new look at the quantity and quality of the preparation given to ordinands for their responsibilities in leading public worship . 
no but when you say you enjoying enjoying the rain that uh you must be in a warm weather climate then
` I disapprove of killing at the best of times , Ace , but , and this is vitally important , you must never kill anyone with a role in recorded history if you can possibly avoid it . 
" This is an alliance which , whoever -- whatever your friends may be , must be agreeable to them , provided at least they have common sense ; and we are not to be addressing our conduct to fools .
She never misses , I know ; and you must have seen her .
I must inform you that you will never be allowed to enter this house again , and that if you do n't leave within three minutes , you will be thrown out . " 
In such a case , the tube must be rotated before the elastic sail tensioner is stretched into position in the nock slot . 
We must make sure we do n't keep on disturbing the seed 's growth by constantly going back to the same people and badgering them . 
These peoples , desperately hoping to lift themselves to decent levels of living must not , by our neglect , be forced to seek help from , and finally become virtual satellites of , those who proclaim their hostility to freedom .
If he was really living in the house he must be taking pains to leave no signs of his occupancy .
She guessed he must get tired of his easy conquests . 
This day at highth of noon came to my sphere A Spirit , zealous , as he seemed , to know More of the Almighty ' s works , and chiefly Man , God ' s latest image : I described his way Bent all on speed , and marked his aery gait ; But in the mount that lies from Eden north , Where he first lighted , soon discerned his looks Alien from Heaven , with passions foul obscured : Mine eye pursued him still , but under shade Lost sight of him : One of the banished crew , I fear , hath ventured from the deep , to raise New troubles ; him thy care must be to find .
But he must be all too aware that it wo n't impress the Soviet citizens facing economic crisis , and waiting in the food queues , nor will it immediately resolve the ethnic problems which beset him .
It must have been the sort of look that can call a bluff without saying a word .
` You must abide by the verdict of the court , for you perforce come within human jurisdiction . 
" We must ask Mr . and Mrs . Weston to dine with us , while Isabella is here ."
If you intend to discontinue storage you must notify your intention in writing to this office , in accordance with the conditions of your existing licence , in order that the necessary safety measures may be seen to . 
The Continental catch : Only immediate family members are allowed , and they must have the same last name as the buyer of the ticket or legal proof they 're related .
" You must pay L10 ."
And I must say that Lucy ' s crossness not to take them along with them in the chaise is worse than all .
If a new set of different symptoms are seen , then another more appropriate remedy must be looked for . 
Away , and mock the time with fairest show , False Face must hide what the false Heart doth know .
Such interest must be paid even though an extension of time for filing is granted .
Although the proposal must be approved by federal Judge Harold C. Abramson , W. Herbert Hunt has agreed to the Peruvian mineral concern 's proposal .
She must have known I was watching as she lifted herself from the lake , water running down her long back , the skin glistening in the light cast from the house across the lawn . 
They must take this into account when devising t heir own waste-management policies . 
The rules and policies to be applied in this process of course must be based on objectives which represent what is to be desired if radio service is to be of maximum use to the Nation .
I say awakened , because time and London , business and dissipation , had in some measure quieted it , and I had been growing a fine hardened villain , fancying myself indifferent to her , and chusing to fancy that she too must have become indifferent to me ; talking to myself of our past attachment as a mere idle , trifling business , shrugging up my shoulders in proof of its being so , and silencing every reproach , overcoming every scruple , by secretly saying now and then , ' I shall be heartily glad to hear she is well married .'
If , then , you properly put these statements together , and reason upon them a bit , you will clearly perceive that , according to all human reasoning , Procopius ' s sea - monster , that for half a century stove the ships of a Roman Emperor , must in all probability have been a sperm whale .
Mr Stokill must have noticed my look of bewilderment . 
They know that they must depend heavily on factors outside their own control .
Your friend Harriet will make a much longer history when you see her .-- She will give you all the minute particulars , which only woman ' s language can make interesting .-- In our communications we deal only in the great .-- However , I must say , that Robert Martin ' s heart seemed for _him_ , and to _me_ , very overflowing ; and that he did mention , without its being much to the purpose , that on quitting their box at Astley ' s , my brother took charge of Mrs . John Knightley and little John , and he followed with Miss Smith and Henry ; and that at one time they were in such a crowd , as to make Miss Smith rather uneasy ."
Let me be buried in lead at Claydon next to where your father proposes to lie himself , and let no stranger wind me , nor do not let me be stripped , but put a clean smock on me , and let my face be hid and do you stay in the room and see me wound and laid in the first coffin , which must be of wood if I do not die of any infectious disease , else I am so far from desiring it that I forbid you to come near me . 
Each borough is allowed a squad of 10 players , two of whom must be female , and these females must be involved in every game of the round robin competition sponsored by Littlewoods/Reebok . 
The registration figures given in Table 2 must be interpreted with caution since the estimate for eligible electors were made without the benefit of a reliable census .
Considering the very superior claims of the object , it ought ; and judging by its apparently stronger effect on Harriet ' s mind , producing reserve and self - command , it would .-- She must communicate the painful truth , however , and as soon as possible .
9 : 15 But the Lord said unto him , Go thy way : for he is a chosen vessel unto me , to bear my name before the Gentiles , and kings , and the children of Israel : 9 : 16 For I will shew him how great things he must suffer for my name ' s sake .
You must have been surprised by her refusal to budge . 
And there is one thing more preparing against him , which must be worse than all -- his mother has determined , with a very natural kind of spirit , to settle THAT estate upon Robert immediately , which might have been Edward ' s , on proper conditions .
" I do not want to stop now ," said the other , in his elephantine simplicity , " but we must stop for a moment , because it is a sign -- perhaps it is a miracle .
Each part must be individually dried off and sprayed with oil to prevent corrosion and then put back in place . 
Lad , lad , I tell thee thou must not follow Ahab now .
But to render this acuteness at all successful in the end , the wind and the sea must be the whaleman ' s allies ; for of what present avail to the becalmed or windbound mariner is the skill that assures him he is exactly ninety - three leagues and a quarter from his port ?
` You must be dead beat with everything -- and me going on and on . "
As far as we knew every previous expedition had ferried the sheep by dinghy , a tedious operation which must have been hard on both men and sheep , to say nothing of the dinghy . 
Then there is the pain , like another form of death , of seeing your world chronicled by people too young to have lived in it , with the inevitable distortions this must entail . 
he must have slept again .
The name is of my own bestowal ; for there are more than one sort of porpoises , and something must be done to distinguish them .
Here is a vital point ; for you must either satisfactorily settle this matter with yourself , or for ever remain an infidel as to one of the most appalling , but not the less true events , perhaps anywhere to be found in all recorded history .
He said that from his experience of two years with Gen. Clay in West Berlin administration , that `` Russia respects our show of strength , but that presently we're not acting as we should and must '' .
Means must be found to enable us to keep in touch as regularly and as efficiently as possible with our colleagues in other departments concerned with foreign policy .
No ; I think there must be some other -- Why , here we are at the Pavilion or Palace , or whatever they call it ."
10 : 10 If the iron be blunt , and he do not whet the edge , then must he put to more strength : but wisdom is profitable to direct .
Ere this , you must have plainly seen the truth of what I started with -- that the Sperm Whale and the Right Whale have almost entirely different heads .
You must know before you start what the needs and objectives of your organization are ; ;
This process must not be rushed or the final cheese will be of poor quality and liable to develop faults while it matures .
9 : 24 For Christ is not entered into the holy places made with hands , which are the figures of the true ; but into heaven itself , now to appear in the presence of God for us : 9 : 25 Nor yet that he should offer himself often , as the high priest entereth into the holy place every year with blood of others ; 9 : 26 For then must he often have suffered since the foundation of the world : but now once in the end of the world hath he appeared to put away sin by the sacrifice of himself .
He began by speaking of the concert gravely , more like the Captain Wentworth of Uppercross ; owned himself disappointed , had expected singing ; and in short , must confess that he should not be sorry when it was over .
" Oh , my love ," cried Mrs . Palmer to her husband , who just then entered the room --" you must help me to persuade the Miss Dashwoods to go to town this winter ."
We agents , however , must represent anything with the air of a cock-up only as an opportunity to demonstrate the Partei 's brilliance in extricating itself from it . 
Beware of such an one , I say ; your whales must be seen before they can be killed ; and this sunken - eyed young Platonist will tow you ten wakes round the world , and never make you one pint of sperm the richer .
`` Must solve problem ''
He must have practically sprinted to his house , grabbed the bottle and glasses and sprinted back again . 
I shall have to write in small letters as my pile of paper has considerably diminished , but write it I must . 
Moves to overhaul the income tax system must be accompanied by similar changes in wealth taxation .
The room was warm and smelt musty . 
Throughout the speech you must speak loudly , aiming to be heard by the person at the far end of the room . 
You must report , to your manager ( in confidence ) , any suspicion of financial irregularity , whether by your ES colleagues or others , and co-operate fully with any subsequent investigations into the alleged offence ;
If any villagers or sailors were looking towards it they must have seen a strange sight as MacIan cried out for the third time .
It must surely be much more pleasant and by no means as painful to work with friendly and docile ferrets . 
The phonemic systems which must support these morphophonemic systems , however , are very different .
It must be completely thawed if frozen , rinsed in cold water and dried . 
A working concept of the organic evolution of community must lead us in a different direction .
There must have been special feelings of joy and patriotism in the heart of Daniel Morgan too , when the news was received on April 30th of the recognition by France of the independence of the United States .
The troops must have more than the common quantity of liquor , and perhaps there will be some little drunkenness among them '' .
Presently , the vapours in advance slid aside ; and there in the distance lay a ship , whose furled sails betokened that some sort of whale must be alongside .
she found something else must be done .
She must not flatter herself that he thought of her dancing , but if he were criticising her behaviour , she did not feel afraid .
He was a salesman for something or other and must have been transferred .
A day , days , must have passed since he stood beside the lake . 
He must have a pretty good opinion of himself ."
In the above mentioned report of the Notre Dame Chapter of the American Association of University Professors , the basic outlook of the new breed of lay faculty emerges very clearly in the very statement of the problem as the members see it : `` Even with the best of intentions he ( the President of the university ) is loath to delegate such authority and responsibility to a group the membership of which , considered ( as it must be by him ) in individual terms , is inhomogeneous , mortal and of extremely varying temperament , interests and capabilities .
For all errors , the necessary corrections must be made before any installations or deinstallations will be accepted .
` It must be wonderful to be a father , wake up on Xmas morning and say , ` What have we bought everybody ? " 
You may stay as long as you wish , of course , but if arranging for the care of the girls must take time into account , I think a day or two should be enough to finish our business in '' .
We must burrow the earth , break rocks , dig mines , construct houses . 
Equally , technicians must be encouraged to report sharps injuries , and be given follow up and support when necessary . 
New ideas were dangerous and must be repressed , no matter how .
Diana replied : ` Well I must admit , partly make-up and I do drink lots of water . " 
“ It 's crazy that he even refused to use my blend when he must have known it was working well … ” 
It embarrassed her to remember the way Maurin had attracted her but she must not let that embarrassment colour the way she acted now . 
The platform accelerometers must be slightly modified for this procedure .
Thus , if corporations are not to run away with us , they must become quasi-governmental institutions , subject to public control and needs .
But the unknown preserved an impenetrable silence for a long space and then only answered : " I must not say who I am until the end of the world ; but I may say what I am .
Soldering must be carried out with great care , noting that most ties will melt instantly if touched by a soldering iron or molten solder . 
He must learn to say with true faith what the psalmist said in a similar world : `` The Lord is my light and my salvation ; ;
" Whatever you say is always right ," cried Harriet , " and therefore I suppose , and believe , and hope it must be so ; but otherwise I could not have imagined it .
We must save that boy ."
Even the minority of them who must register with the Securities and Exchange Commission as `` investment advisers '' -- people who are in the business of counseling others on the buying and selling of securities specifically -- have been enough to swamp the agency 's capacity .
A number of them must have fallen into disfavor ; ;
But under the bank 's proposed statutes , an assembly of shareholders must approve board members .
For , before we proceed further , it must be said that the monkey - rope was fast at both ends ; fast to Queequeg ' s broad canvas belt , and fast to my narrow leather one .
You must not run away from us now .
Knowing all this , as I have now known it many weeks , guess what I must have felt on seeing your sister as fond of him as ever , and on being assured that she was to marry him : guess what I must have felt for all your sakes .
He must , in short , cease to be a detective and become a rebel .
But then , after the little operetta had been given its feeble amateur rendering , everyone insisted that it was too good to be lost forever , and that the Royal Academy of Music must now have the manuscript in order to give it the really first-rate performance it merited .
To start with you must teach the computer to recognise your writing by giving it examples of the way you write individual letters . 
Rodriguez thought they must all look like big , hairless teddy-bears romping over the dunes . 
Oh well , there 's no harm done in this case , only you really must be more chary of giving invitations to people we know nothing about . " 
" Very sleepy , indeed ," answered her mistress in a drowsy voice ; " I think I must sleep half an hour longer -- shut the curtains ."
It must be large enough for everybody to have a slice , and the housekeeper will ice it for you .
Miss Marianne must not expect to have all the men to herself .
" Of ONE thing , my dear sister ," kindly taking her hand , and speaking in an awful whisper ,--" I may assure you ;-- and I WILL do it , because I know it must gratify you .
With all these agencies , the congressman must constantly check the political wind and trim his sails accordingly .
From the outset , she must have realized that marriage with him was out of the question , and although she was displeased by the `` unwarrantable '' interference , it seems probable that she did agree with her mother's suggestion that the poet was `` perhaps '' a man `` most fitted to live & die solitary , & in the love only of the Highest Lover '' .
It is the gait of the human who must run to live : arms dangling , legs barely swinging over the ground , head hung down and only occasionally swinging up to see the target , a loose motion that is just short of stumbling and yet is wonderfully graceful .
The very last person whom one should expect to be forgotten !-- My dear Mr . E ., he must have left a message for you , I am sure he must .-- Not even Knightley could be so very eccentric ;-- and his servants forgot it .
It struck me that this place must be fairly normal as lodging houses go , for on the whole the lodgers did not complain .
`` I know , but there must be some other explanation .
" I ' m under the necessity of calling in the money I lent you some time ago , and you will please to take notice , that it must be paid to - morrow morning .
well , that must be infinitely provoking !
Education must not be limited to our youth but must be a continuing process through our entire lives , for it is only through knowledge that we , as a nation , can cope with the dangers that threaten our society .
" You must excuse my manner ," said the Professor dismally , " my position is rather a curious one .
The skyline , the bridges , Broadway , and the Staten Island ferry are only a few of the spots to put on your `` must '' list for New York City .
To trail the genealogies of these high mortal miseries , carries us at last among the sourceless primogenitures of the gods ; so that , in the face of all the glad , hay - making suns , and soft cymballing , round harvest - moons , we must needs give in to this : that the gods themselves are not for ever glad .
There must be oodles of territory in Saxony and Thuringia that used to be owned by the East German government . 
` Those poor little girls must be frightened out of their minds ! 
" I ' m sure he must have taken some time to understand it ," interposed Mrs . Tattle , " for he ' s the slowest creature breathing , and the deafest in company .
Emma liked the subject so well , that she began upon it , to Mrs . Weston , very soon after their moving into the drawing - room : wishing her joy -- yet observing , that she knew the first meeting must be rather alarming .-- Mrs . Weston agreed to it ; but added , that she should be very glad to be secure of undergoing the anxiety of a first meeting at the time talked of : " for I cannot depend upon his coming .
4 : 24 God is a Spirit : and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth .
It was a reference to the future , which Anne , after a little observation , felt she must submit to .
It must be windy at the top , for he could hear a large object slithering closer across the roof . 
IT IS not irrational for a jury to decide that the first of two co-accused acted in concert with the second but that the second co-accused did not act in concert with the first , because the case against each accused must be considered separately and there may be evidence which is admissible against one but not the other . 
A more realistic analysis must take into account the fact that Brandywine people in the urban-fringe area are , in general , less segregated locally than group members in rural areas .
They must retrench ; that did not admit of a doubt .
` If you must know , those pages were so full of bad times that it depressed me to read them back . 
From the dated poems we can venture certain conclusions about Hardy's career in poetry , always remembering that conclusions based on a fraction of the whole must remain tentative .
O ye Gods , ye Gods , Must I endure all this ?
` The police must be informed , " said Jack . 
As a result of this , multinationals and large companies must reappraise their plans for expansion by cross-border acquisition and merger in the light of EC competition policy . 
For a purely parochial event , it must have been quite an occasion because I believe that it ran from Wednesday , through to the following Saturday . 
Edward have got some business at Oxford , he says ; so he must go there for a time ; and after THAT , as soon as he can light upon a Bishop , he will be ordained .
" If so , you must extend your suspicions and comprehend _Mr_ .
I should say that those New England rocks on the sea - coast , which Agassiz imagines to bear the marks of violent scraping contact with vast floating icebergs -- I should say , that those rocks must not a little resemble the Sperm Whale in this particular .
He said he had some news , but it was only for my ears and I must keep it confidential .
Analogously , anyone who argues that Einstein's theory of gravitation is simpler than Newton's , must say rather more to explain how it is that the latter is mastered by student-physicists , while the former can be managed ( with difficulty ) only by accomplished experts .
We urged on him that the RUC must be given a ` fraud squad " as quickly as possible . 
The man must have leaped to his death from the topmost rung of the tultul .
But we must never forget , most of the appropriate heroes and their legends were created overnight , to answer immediate needs , almost always with conscious aims and ends .
And when Summerchild fell from the back of the Admiralty , I am beginning to think , the prospects of Tite and his department must have fallen with him . 
On one level all treaties and other international transactions affect strangers to the transaction , which must respect the allocation of values between the parties .
it must be flexible enough to allow for technological breakthroughs , scientific progress , and changes in world conditions .
It must be recognized as a slow-acting tool designed to prevent political and military crises such as those recently confronted in Laos and Cuba .
The examples commonly cited are whether antibiotics must be administered if the patient contracts pneumonia , or whether the patient must be resuscitated if he suffers heart failure .
Who must hang them ?
In West Africa , for example , where meat is a luxury and babies must be weaned early to make room at the breast for later arrivals , a childhood menace is kwashiorkor , or `` Red Johnny '' , a growth-stunting protein deficiency ( signs : reddish hair , bloated belly ) that kills more than half its victims , leaves the rest prey for parasites and lingering tropical disease .
The mono- and di-iodotyrosine must be coupled to form tri-iodothyronine and thyroxine .
why , damn your eyes , you mustn ' t swear that way when you ' re preaching .
" I ' m afraid I must chuck this business ," said he heavily .
He begged to be shewn the house which his father had lived in so long , and which had been the home of his father ' s father ; and on recollecting that an old woman who had nursed him was still living , walked in quest of her cottage from one end of the street to the other ; and though in some points of pursuit or observation there was no positive merit , they shewed , altogether , a good - will towards Highbury in general , which must be very like a merit to those he was with .
He rode down for a couple of hours ; he could not yet do more ; but as he came from Randalls immediately to Hartfield , she could then exercise all her quick observation , and speedily determine how he was influenced , and how she must act .
If it was not for the drawback of her illness -- but I am afraid we must expect to see her grown thin , and looking very poorly .
Its success must be partly due to the extraordinary number of sittings to which his admiring and clear-sighted sitter submitted . 
The masses of materials used at each stage must equal the masses of material produced . 
I haue sent to seeke him , and to find the bodie : How dangerous is it that this man goes loose : Yet must not we put the strong Law on him : Hee ' s loued of the distracted multitude , Who like not in their iudgement , but their eyes : And where ' tis so , th ' Offenders scourge is weigh ' d But neerer the offence : to beare all smooth , and euen , This sodaine sending him away , must seeme Deliberate pause , diseases desperate growne , By desperate appliance are releeued , Or not at all .
Her affection must have overpowered her judgment ."
Lawyers ' appeals to fairness and justice do not necessarily mean that economic indicators such as efficiency are banished from the debate altogether ; rather , economic and noneconomic factors must both be taken into account .
But when she went out , she saw the girl who had been doing the flowers waiting in the porch , and guessed that she must be the Vicar 's wife . 
Of course they must attend .
I really must design a multi-signal-scrambling-decoder for trapping these essential little fly buggers -- except that I do n't have the technical knowledge and I 'd certainly burst at least one ear drum trying to fit it in ! 
Labour supporters must be in despair at not being able to race away from the Tories in the run up to the election . 
It must be understood , however , that the modelling process is a sophisticated matter involving probabilities and what is called Monte Carlo reckoning . 
My uncle has been too good for me to encroach .-- I must still add to this long letter .
On such a full Sea are we now a - float , And we must take the current when it serues , Or loose our Ventures
TV chap , Terry Wogan , must be getting old . 
The very thought of it made him remember the Castle of Fortune , for he knew there must be fine beds there .
If every new refinement since then in the quiet sapping of our national morale has earned a numerical `` column , '' then by now , I estimate , we must be up somewhere close to `` 78 th column `` ( applied , maybe , to producers of the weekly network TV movies about bloody domestic mayhem ) and `` 79 th column `` ( airplane passengers who bring carry-on luggage that they know wo n't fit into the overhead storage bins ) or possibly even higher .
` He stinks too , and those clothes must be crawling . 
The adventurers must hurry to reach the hill ahead of the expanding grey forest .
A word was put in for a second young Cox ; and at last , Mr . Weston naming one family of cousins who must be included , and another of very old acquaintance who could not be left out , it became a certainty that the five couple would be at least ten , and a very interesting speculation in what possible manner they could be disposed of .
( Each State's unadjusted allotment for any fiscal year , which exceeds its minimum allotment described in item 13 below by a percentage greater than one and one-half times the percentage by which the sum being allotted exceeds $23,000,000 , must be reduced by the amount of the excess .
On the other hand , if he wishes to continue in his chosen profession , he must abandon his own code and sacrifice his precious individualism .
9 : 16 For where a testament is , there must also of necessity be the death of the testator .
The first thing I ask you to do for your own good , and when , if you had common sense , you must know I can want nothing but your good , you rebel against me .
If pig butchers kept piggy banks , his must have been empty once in a while during this period …
We must expect to be recognized as much as if we were Napoleon escaping from Elba .
I must stress that we are looking primarily , or we propose to look primarily , er , at the east of the county . 
how poor they will be !-- I must see what I can give them towards furnishing their house .
A wooden rail at waist height barred their way ; they must be very close to the edge of the cliff .
Audiences ' large capacities for ersatz-importance show how eager they are to be deeply stirred ; how easily gulled ; how low the threshold of enjoyment must be set for music of our time . 
my point is that where conflicts arise they must always be resolved in favor of achieving the indispensable condition for a tolerant world -- the absence of Soviet Communist power .
" I must hurry away then , to give him those thanks which you will not allow me to give YOU ; to assure him that he has made me a very -- an exceedingly happy man ."
Any fraction of an inch involved in the measurement must be converted to a decimal equivalent to simplify the mathematics .
` On no account must the impression be created , above all in the United States , that Germany is wavering between East and West " .
The label and operation columns must be blank and the continuation of the operand must begin in column 21 ; ;
Even though I come from Cuba and have naturally dark skin , it 's very dry so I always carry my Must de Cartier body lotion with me . 
The _Daily Mail_ said , " People must learn , in the modern world , to keep their theological differences to themselves .
`` Let's just remember , Sergeant , that we must all carry our own umbrella .
At any cost , he must leave the dreary Pennsylvania mining town where his father was a pharmacist .
Marketing management must continually reappraise its channels of distribution in an attempt to effect cost savings .
After trading for some months , he has been approached by a company which says it owns the rights to the trade name Pizza Parlour and that he must desist from using it .
Should we not include people who regularly travel through the area by car , who must have an opinion about the difference it has made to their journey ? 
The law which governs home rule charter petitions states that they must be referred to the chairman of the board of canvassers for verification of the signatures within 10 days and Mr. Martinelli happens to hold that post .
I was a little staggered , but go a - whaling I must , and I would ; and the Pequod was as good a ship as any -- I thought the best -- and all this I now repeated to Peleg .
She thought the calendula must be a strange , grand flower , by its name ; but her mother told her it was the gay , sturdy , everydayish little flower called a marigold .
We must watch for a breach in the living wall that hemmed us in ; the wall that had only admitted us in order to shut us up .
The mind that can not conceive the benefits to accrue by a coming together and a binding by paternal ties of a people having common sympathy must be wayward indeed . 
She returned his beaming smile and let herself be checked in and taken up to a typical hotel room , high enough to see over the huddle of flat-roofed buildings towards what must be the Acropolis and Parthenon . 
I think we must get him to Bath .
But this objection likewise falls to the ground , because a German exegetist supposes that Jonah must have taken refuge in the floating body of a DEAD whale -- even as the French soldiers in the Russian campaign turned their dead horses into tents , and crawled into them .
While stop orders sound similar to limit orders , there is a difference : Sell stops must be entered at a price below the current market price and buy stops above .
What we must have , if the United Nations is to survive , is as nonpolitical , nonpartisan an organization at the top as human beings can make it , subject to no single nation's direction and subservient to no single nation's ambition .
However , if surveyors are to keep up with the inevitable changes taking place , they must become familiar with the new contracts .
The oath of the inseparableness of two together , of the woman that loves me and whom I love more than my life , that oath swearing , ( O I willingly stake all for you , O let me be lost if it must be so !
The priests are saying this is the predicted last battle across the face of the universe , when every man must choose , " the major looked intently at Kopyion , ` between good and evil . " 
But in his absence no-one was capable of providing it and that must be hugely worrying for Wilkinson , who has taken the biggest gamble of his successful career by selling the striker .
Very much grieved and concerned -- I had flattered myself that she must be better after such a cordial as I knew had been given her in the morning ."
This plethora of configuration options means that you must ensure that you have the manuals for both drives . 
But other nations are likely to opt for a change ; as long as four vote against him , Quistgaard must go .
The sun descending in the west , The evening star does shine ; The birds are silent in their nest , And I must seek for mine .
Today , gazing out from Beeston 's summit , you may feel that such a castle must have been impregnable . 
It must be the spell ; he told me to stay here : Aye , and told me this screwed chair was mine .
she cried , " I thought something must be the matter .
" It is one thing ," said she , presently -- her cheeks in a glow --" to have very good sense in a common way , like every body else , and if there is any thing to say , to sit down and write a letter , and say just what you must , in a short way ; and another , to write verses and charades like this ."
Anyway there ' s something on his mind , as sure as there must be something on a deck when it cracks .
If he really sought to reconcile himself like a dutiful branch , he must be forgiven for having dismembered himself from the paternal tree .
Morrison points out that since our country is more urbanized than the Soviet Union or Red China , it is the most vulnerable of the great powers -- Europe of course must be written off out of hand .
They might advance rapidly if they would , however ; they must advance somehow or other whether they would or no .
On this principle of division I must postpone the evolution of sculpture , architecture , society , and politics ; ;
I must add that personally these absences did n't really bother me as my number one champion was there and went on to win , in what was a scary final for me . 
A recent pronouncement by a former Education Minister serves to remind us of the kind of thinking we must guard against . 
On those figures , reckons Joan D'Olier , retail analyst at County Natwest , the business must be on the market at £350-£450 million . 
Now Finnegan , who has two teenage sons , has been told he must leave his home in Middleton St George and pay outstanding rent arrears . 
To provide for her otherwise was out of Colonel Campbell ' s power ; for though his income , by pay and appointments , was handsome , his fortune was moderate and must be all his daughter ' s ; but , by giving her an education , he hoped to be supplying the means of respectable subsistence hereafter .
At last I must have fallen into a troubled nightmare of a doze ; and slowly waking from it -- half steeped in dreams -- I opened my eyes , and the before sun - lit room was now wrapped in outer darkness .
To almost two generations of Americans it must have seemed as though the existence of Mr. Sam coincided with that of the House .
and Mrs . Weston is so anxious to be acquainted with him , that she must be almost as happy as yourself ."
Captain Benwick had some time ago been first lieutenant of the Laconia ; and the account which Captain Wentworth had given of him , on his return from Lyme before , his warm praise of him as an excellent young man and an officer , whom he had always valued highly , which must have stamped him well in the esteem of every listener , had been followed by a little history of his private life , which rendered him perfectly interesting in the eyes of all the ladies .
However , in the end most people , including John Taylor , have come to the conclusion that black holes must radiate like hot bodies if our other ideas about general relativity and quantum mechanics are correct . 
For Flask to have presumed to help himself , this must have seemed to him tantamount to larceny in the first degree .
" The words are something , but the tune -- the tune -- I must have the tune ," cried Philip .
8 : 31 And he began to teach them , that the Son of man must suffer many things , and be rejected of the elders , and of the chief priests , and scribes , and be killed , and after three days rise again .
Each one said to himself , " I must have been right , really ; the artist himself sees that something was wrong ; now I shall have credit for saving the prince ' s portrait by my artistic taste !"
Drunk drivers must not be allowed to get off so lightly . 
Anne drew a little back , while the others received his compliments , and her sister his apologies for calling at so unusual an hour , but " he could not be so near without wishing to know that neither she nor her friend had taken cold the day before ," & c . & c ; which was all as politely done , and as politely taken , as possible , but her part must follow then .
He must be frank and truthful , hold his peace when he is not sure of himself , and speak diffidently even when he is confident . 
Then I chant it for thee , I glorify thee above all , I bring thee a song that when thou must indeed come , come unfalteringly .
The camera work is superb and I must especially commend to you all the final shots of the film which show a train heading up the Talerddig incline taken from a nearby hillside . 
But you must have heard the criticism for things like the pile of bricks , the pile of carpet felt . 
There must be dozens of people still alive who remember the transmissions from their youth or childhood in the early 1920s . 
Each individual must define what 's most important in his or her life , then calculate the best course to meet these goals .
The case of Donoghue v. Stevenson is noted moreover for the general test as to liability in negligence propounded by Lord Atkin where he says : ` You must not injure your neighbour . 
To have closed such a gap the niggled gentleman must have swiped the juice from his companions ' lips the moment we passed and kick-started them into a sprint . 
He must enter into all my feelings ; the same books , the same music must charm us both .
It is extraordinarily refreshing to see Kingdon 's emphasis on the geographical processes and patterns that must underlie any transformation through time .
Earth 's gravity must , in the end , have been just too powerful .
But suddenly in the distance , they saw a great heap of tumultuous white water , and soon after news came from aloft that one or both the boats must be fast .
I must speak to you by such means as are within my reach .
Something must have happened .
I promise nothing complete ; because any human thing supposed to be complete , must for that very reason infallibly be faulty .
so had borne My part of evil only , each day ' s lot Enough to bear ; those now , that were dispensed The burden of many ages , on me light At once , by my foreknowledge gaining birth Abortive , to torment me ere their being , With thought that they must be .
exclaimed Mrs . Theresa , " it must be your father and mother come back ."
`` You must be born again '' ( St. John 3 : 7 ) .
A function G such that Af , i.e. , Af , must be a polynomial function of degree Af or less : Af .
Scraps of sedge and meadow rue still cling to its margins , the last remnants of a marsh which must once have inundated the whole valley floor .
I have frequently thought that I must have been intended by nature to be fond of low company , I am so little at my ease among strangers of gentility !"
It must not be , if by any fair interference of friendship , any representations from one who had almost a mother ' s love , and mother ' s rights , it would be prevented .
It costs about £16 per sq m and comes with a 20-year wear guarantee but must be professionally fitted Accessories : Jade green bag , about £72.95 ; towels , £12.95 each . 
I doe know When the Bloud burnes , how Prodigall the Soule Giues the tongue vowes : these blazes , Daughter , Giuing more light then heate ; extinct in both , Euen in their promise , as it is a making ; You must not take for fire .
You must come to visit me and see how nice it is to live in the city ."
Any discussion of crime must be cognizant of the fact that serious adverse consequences can and often do follow from being indifferent to the outcome of one's actions ( or inactions ) .
Torrential rain throughout the 90 minutes destroyed the game as a spectacle but Derry boss , Roy Coyle , must still be worried by the failure of his midfield players to function as a cohesive unit . 
To do this , management protocols must be based on available knowledge on wound healing . 
A most suitable connection everybody must consider it , but I think it might be a very happy one ."
If it 's sex you must talk about , talk about the pope standing on an island and coming out against birth control ( again ) .
We have to tell ourselves that when Parker spoke in this vein , he believed what he said , because he could continue , `` But the truth , which cost me bitter tears to say , I must speak , though it cost other tears hotter than fire '' .
` The sentence must also make it clear to others that the law will not permit individuals of excellent character , such as yourself , to take the law into their own hands . " 
32 : 9 Be ye not as the horse , or as the mule , which have no understanding : whose mouth must be held in with bit and bridle , lest they come near unto thee .
They must leave the Great Tower via room 69 to passage 24 , and then make their way outdoors . 
They are comming to the Play : I must be idle .
In fact , Felix had till now professed himself his firm ally , and had on his part received from Franklin unequivocal proofs of friendship ; for it must be told that every other morning , when it was Felix ' s turn to get breakfast , Felix never was up in decent time , and must inevitably have come to public disgrace if Franklin had not got all the breakfast things ready for him , the bread and butter spread , and the toast toasted ; and had not , moreover , regularly , when the clock struck eight , and Mrs . Pomfret ' s foot was heard overhead , run to call the sleeping Felix , and helped him constantly through the hurry of getting dressed one instant before the housekeeper came downstairs .
15 : 25 For he must reign , till he hath put all enemies under his feet .
Forgiue me this my Vertue , For in the fatnesse of this pursie times , Vertue it selfe , of Vice must pardon begge , Yea courb , and woe , for leaue to do him good
This was bad enough , for he knew just how funny he must look , and besides , it was very uncomfortable .
In case of doubt , that doubt falls to be resolved in favour of the preservation of life for if the individual is to override the public interest , he must do so in clear terms .
for his smoke is horrible to inhale , and inhale it you must , and not only that , but you must live in it for the time .
We shall be late , I ' m afraid ," continued he , as the coach drove on : " but I must let you stop , Ben , with your goods , at the poor boy ' s door ."
11 : 6 But without faith it is impossible to please him : for he that cometh to God must believe that he is , and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him .
Ms Greenberg must surely champion Quebec 's newly opened Musée de la Civilisation which greets boatloads of St Lawrence cruise ship passengers with a garish jumble of consumer items and gimmicks borrowed directly from the shopping mall . 
Older children must wear an approved child restraint or an adult seat belt . 
My right hon. and hon. Friends have also rightly emphasised that , if one intends to make Community institutions more accountable , one must increase the powers of the European Parliament .
9 : 21 And he straitly charged them , and commanded them to tell no man that thing ; 9 : 22 Saying , The Son of man must suffer many things , and be rejected of the elders and chief priests and scribes , and be slain , and be raised the third day .
We must have Hedgehog there , I mean Quohog , in one of our boats .
I had not recollected it before , I declare , but it must be very bad .
Well , sir , the time must come when you will be paid for all this , when you will have little labour and great enjoyment ."
What must be clear in a transcript of this kind is that a great deal of interpretation by the analyst has gone on before the reader encounters this ` data " . 
" He must be very old , for all his hair is white ; and he must have travelled a great way , for his shoes are quite worn out ," observed another .
I 'll come home when I can , but I must go to London . 
To dye to sleepe , To sleepe , perchance to Dreame ; I , there ' s the rub , For in that sleepe of death , what dreames may come , When we haue shuffel ' d off this mortall coile , Must giue vs pawse .
` Laibon , great-grandson of Mbatian , you must think again . 
You must consider me only as Mr Elliot ' s relation .
She must have reminded me in her remote stillness , her lucid silence , of someone I used to know , used to love .
God bless ye , man , and may I forgive myself , but I must go .
The train hastened through the flat Thames Valley fields and flat Western suburbs with single-minded impatience ; Tessa felt that everyone aboard , like herself , must be on the way to some metropolitan sexual encounter . 
The tall and steady forest of fire must have been already a portent visible to the whole circle of land and sea .
It is a distasteful subject but it must be faced for a few moments . 
" Not one word more about the plans and places must be said at this meeting .
Neither was this universal adviser more successful in an attempt to introduce a tutor to Frederick , who , she apprehended , must want some one to perfect him in the Latin and Greek , and dead languages , of which , she observed , it would be impertinent for a woman to talk ; only she might venture to repeat what she had heard said by good authority , that a competency of the dead tongues could be had nowhere but at a public school , or else from a private tutor who had been abroad ( after the advantage of a classical education , finished in one of the universities ) with a good family ; without which introduction it was idle to think of reaping solid advantages from any continental tour ; all which requisites , from personal knowledge , she could aver to be concentrated in the gentleman she had the honour to recommend , as having been tutor to a young nobleman , who had now no further occasion for him , having , unfortunately for himself and his family , been killed in an untimely duel .
" Susan ," said she , accosting the poor girl , whom she had done everything in her power to injure , " I must beg a little more honey from you for Mrs . Strathspey ' s breakfast .
Any period one nation must lead , One land must be the promise and reliance of the future .
Keep him back , if you must tell me what to do .
The puppets are modelled on the famous illustrations by Tenniel -- but Spitting Images must have influenced the formidable duchess and Tebbit-like cook and they stirred their pepper soup and sneezed . 
It seems rather hard that having first been told that our creed must be false because we did use tests , we should now be told that it must be false because we don ' t .
It must surely be the case that the cat is competent to act as observer of its own survival or demise and does not need me to settle the issue for it . 
The initial interview must be therapeutic rather than purely exploratory in an information-seeking sense .
It really must make the school children feel that they 've really done some important research . 
She gloried in being a sailor ' s wife , but she must pay the tax of quick alarm for belonging to that profession which is , if possible , more distinguished in its domestic virtues than in its national importance .
Not only must she cope with Cherie 's distressing withdrawal symptoms , she also needs eyes in the back of her head to curb a two-year-old 's natural mischief . 
I ( perhaps ) speake this Before a willing Bond - man : then I know My answere must be made .
We must therefore learn to live with panic ; that is to say--to use a fashionable Silicon Valley metaphor--learn to ' surf on an avalanche , ' " Attali wrote .
The entire membership of the local church must be alerted to their part in this dynamic process .
the multitude must needs come together : for they will hear that thou art come .
Now the government must do that ; ;
The dispatch must have been sent after sundown on September 1 .
Nevertheless he hesitated , for the sound had seemed to come from directly ahead , beyond the next bend in the orange path that must once have been red .
Into this wild Abyss , The womb of Nature , and perhaps her grave , Of neither sea , nor shore , nor air , nor fire , But all these in their pregnant causes mixed Confusedly , and which thus must ever fight , Unless th ' Almighty Maker them ordain His dark materials to create more worlds -- Into this wild Abyss the wary Fiend Stood on the brink of Hell and looked a while , Pondering his voyage ; for no narrow frith He had to cross .
This hateful thing had taken place , and Frankie knew that somehow he must be to blame . 
Diving boards must have non-skid surfaces ( coco matting takes an awful beating from chlorine and rots quickly , but grit-impregnated paints are excellent ) .
Mental health services must be able to cope with individuals whose mental disorder is so severe that the person creates serious disturbance or threat to others .
I ( as Aeneas , our great Ancestor , Did from the Flames of Troy , vpon his shoulder The old Anchyses beare ) so , from the waues of Tyber Did I the tyred Caesar : And this Man , Is now become a God , and Cassius is A wretched Creature , and must bend his body , If Caesar carelesly but nod on him .
They were , of course , very anxious to see a person on whom so much of their comfort at Barton must depend ; and the elegance of her appearance was favourable to their wishes .
Even if he is gifted with the merest mustard grain of imagination , something must seep in .
he must and shall come back ," cried Sir John .
" Yes ; but we must not rest our claims on that distinction .
“ I must indeed apologize for my … irritation , ” he said and produced his most disarming smile . 
Again , the composer must select his own materials .
Counsellors who are younger than those they counsel must similarly allow that the feelings of older people can be based on quite different values and assumptions from their own .
His justification for the necessary invasion of privacy is the familiar - and thoroughly respectable -- plea that politics should and must be personalised .
" Queequeg no care what god made him shark ," said the savage , agonizingly lifting his hand up and down ; " wedder Fejee god or Nantucket god ; but de god wat made shark must be one dam Ingin ."
" We will not allow her to do such a thing again :"-- and nodding significantly --" there must be some arrangement made , there must indeed .
We _must_ kill each other -- or convert each other .
Yet he presents a realm of source material which may well serve other writers if not himself : the problems with which a New South must grapple in groping through a blind adolescence into the maturity of urbanization .
The recent improvement in East-West relations must also make the market for military equipment less favourable . 
Media theories for the present must , therefore , make the absence of state control their cornerstone . 
Het prima acteerwerk van Angela Bassett en de prachtige shownummers verheffen de prent tot een must voor de fans .
what shall be grand in thee , it must needs be plucked at from the skies , and dived for in the deep , and featured in the unbodied air !
In contrast , sell limit orders must be placed above the market price and buy limit orders are placed below .
How he knew he was another gentleman merely by banging into him , must remain a mystery .
He explained that by law the council must establish procedures for a vote on the issue within 60 days after the board of canvassers completes its work .
Frequently he must work long hours in the hot sun or cold rain .
He has publicly said Palestinians must abandon their claim to a right of return to Palestinian lands .
It is a match that must give universal satisfaction .
She really must put Maria Luisa and Steve and Fernando out of her mind and concentrate on what she was here on the island of Majorca for -- to work . 
" You must expect ," continued Mr . Spencer , " to meet with several disagreeable things , and a great deal of rough work , at your first setting out ; but be faithful and obedient to your mistress , and obliging to your fellow - servants , and all will go well .
But you must jump when he gives an order .
Only the professor in a hospital department is allowed to do private practice and this must be done on the hospital premises . 
" She must be very lively , and have hazle eyes .
All this morbid impressionism must be Kidd ' s excuse for having cried out , brutally and beyond all reason : " Did you do this , you devil ?"
It seems reasonable that if general nuclear war is not to be one cataclysmic act of burning each other's citizens to cinders , we must have a manned strategic force of long-endurance aircraft capable of going into China or Russia to find and destroy their strategic forces which continued to threaten us .
or more than this , that we are dust , And thither must return , and be no more ?
She is nothing to me , compared with you ;" and she was in full time to hear her father say , " My dear madam , this must not be .
From its size , the knife must have had a very specific use and may even have been a surgical instrument . 
On the defensive , he added , `` I wish you'd think what it must be like for her to be without Greg , to be a new widow , a young widow '' .
On the day following Queequeg ' s signing the articles , word was given at all the inns where the ship ' s company were stopping , that their chests must be on board before night , for there was no telling how soon the vessel might be sailing .
Somehow he had forgotten what he must have been told , that combat was an intermittent activity .
he must improvise continuously with no apparent effort .
Housed animals must have sufficient lighting to allow for their inspection at any time . 
So , she starts quizzing me and I start nattering on about the bloody Brontes -- I think Mrs Fleming must 've been really intelligent when she was young , honest-to-god she was firing them at me faster than Bamber Gascoigne , she says to me : ` And tell me , Karen , how are you going to deal with the themes of Repressed Sexuality in the Brontes ' work ? " 
The law must resort to some kind of moral and social evaluation of conduct if it is to identify and separate out the most heinous killings . 
" We reaffirm that decisions must be taken as closely as possible to the citizen . 
When I had seene this hot loue on the wing , As I perceiued it , I must tell you that Before my Daughter told me what might you Or my deere Maiestie your Queene heere , think , If I had playd the Deske or Table - booke , Or giuen my heart a winking , mute and dumbe , Or look ' d vpon this Loue , with idle sight , What might you thinke ?
First , a patient who is conscious and refuses treatment must have his wish respected whatever his condition , provided he 's mature and lucid enough to make such a decision .
Knightley must not marry !-- You would not have little Henry cut out from Donwell ?-- Oh !
He is usually something of an underdog , he must battle the organized police force as well as recognized criminals .
Where he had a , where he became , tried to become , a farmer and this was an area about 60 miles southwest of Toronto in what at the time must have been a pretty remote part of part of the province .
Personal computers are too fragile to cope with viruses and must be replaced with sophisticated systems which are resilient to viruses in the first place .
He was scathing about the notion that Indians might be pacified by political concession , observing of the Montagu-Chelmsford reforms that : ` If the Indians are capable of providing the directorate , they must surely be capable of providing the agents " . 
" Certainly ; you must be sensible that the last half - year has made a great difference in your way of life ."
Mrs Harville must be an odd mother to part with them so long .
You are too obliging , my dear Miss Woodhouse ; but we really must take leave .
she must confess to herself that she was not wise yet .
THE heady air of freedom must have gone to the PM 's head on her jaunt to Czechoslovakia and Hungary . 
On November 22 , 1859 , the Providence Daily Journal stated that although Brown's `` pluck '' and honest fanaticism must be admired , any honor paid to Brown would only induce other fanatics to imitate his actions .
He smiled ruefully as he read the commentaries which a week before had been excoriating him and for the most part were now , in their fickle and inconstant fashion , lauding him for his statesmanlike and responsible action in allowing the Government to make a fresh start -- ` although he must still resolve many outstanding personal and family issues to the public 's satisfaction " , thundered The Times . 
Care must be taken to introduce video tape technique gradually , as the experience can be traumatic for most people in the first instance . 
The display cell must be built between crossed polarisers . 
It must be noted that , while there is great similarity of language in many passages recorded in all three Gospels , there are differences .
In a few minutes the carriage returned .-- Somebody talked of rain .-- " I will see that there are umbrellas , sir ," said Frank to his father : " Miss Bates must not be forgotten :" and away he went .
As soon as they are cut , they must be flung into water , and kept there ; for otherwise they will dry and shrink , and the peel will not run .
With their huge backs and overdeveloped shoulders , both must have their clothes made to order .
The man in the middle of the road was shouting in a hoarse and groggy voice that the chauffeur had smashed their car on purpose ; that they must get to the Cri that evening , and that he would jolly well have to take them there .
They shuffle out to a soft rhythmic crunching underfoot , reminiscent of how the boots of Napoleon 's legions must have sounded trudging back through the Russian snows . 
Unfortunately , anyone phoning who wants to buy shiny tights with the word ` climb " on them must be referred to The Samaritans . 
Must be too expensive for the locals , he mused . 
What , perhaps , with other things , made Stubb such an easy - going , unfearing man , so cheerily trudging off with the burden of life in a world full of grave pedlars , all bowed to the ground with their packs ; what helped to bring about that almost impious good - humor of his ; that thing must have been his pipe .
One rapidly runs out of hands and must resort to fingers and toes , for after years of laboriously categorizing these languages , the number of different main branches ( called families and subfamilies ) came to about ten .
The bodies must be cleaned and seats wiped off '' .
At a little gate which looked into a lane , through which he guessed that the gipsy must pass , he stationed himself , saw her , gave her half a crown and her instructions , made his escape , and got back unsuspected to Fisher , whom he found in the attitude in which he had left him , watching the motion of the minute hand .
" My captain , you must have ere this perceived , respected sir "-- said the imperturbable godly - looking Bunger , slightly bowing to Ahab --" is apt to be facetious at times ; he spins us many clever things of that sort .
" They must be at least a hundred strong , for which reason we are all going to see my friend Renard , who has a motor - car ."
` Look out here , it must be at least three feet deep outside -- and this is the sheltered side ! 
I was glad you made her play so much , for having no instrument at her grandmother ' s , it must have been a real indulgence ."
Fording these cool inches gave momentary pleasure but they were no sooner down in the hot stagnant air of the valley bottoms than they imagined the more open hill-top ahead must bring relief .
Of course , you must make sure you protect the baby from a toddler who pinches or slaps or tries to tip her out of the pram when your back is turned .
5 : 9 I wrote unto you in an epistle not to company with fornicators : 5 : 10 Yet not altogether with the fornicators of this world , or with the covetous , or extortioners , or with idolaters ; for then must ye needs go out of the world .
" I must not dwell upon it ," said she .--" I must not think of it .
“ You have wak 'd me too soon , I must slumber again . ” ” 
To act ethically , you must first be able to act at all .
The secretary's greatest achievement is perhaps the rekindling of NATO realization that East-West friction , wherever it take place around the globe , is in essence the general conflict between two entirely different societies , and must be treated as such without regard to geographical distance or lack of apparent connection .
And so there must be an element of doubt over having updated from nineteen eighty one here to nineteen eighty nine . 
Underwriters must have financial strength and backing to honour its underwriting commitments and there are four areas which need to be considered :
It is also worth speculating on the fate of what must have been a nonplussed Christopher Chryselius , Sir John Pennington must have been thoroughly annoyed at the outcome , too . 
' I must be growing small again .'
But first , the lawless tyrant , who denies To know their God , or message to regard , Must be compelled by signs and judgements dire ; To blood unshed the rivers must be turned ; Frogs , lice , and flies , must all his palace fill With loathed intrusion , and fill all the land ; His cattle must of rot and murren die ; Botches and blains must all his flesh emboss , And all his people ; thunder mixed with hail , Hail mixed with fire , must rend the Egyptians sky , And wheel on the earth , devouring where it rolls ; What it devours not , herb , or fruit , or grain , A darksome cloud of locusts swarming down Must eat , and on the ground leave nothing green ; Darkness must overshadow all his bounds , Palpable darkness , and blot out three days ; Last , with one midnight stroke , all the first - born Of Egypt must lie dead .
A work so broad , even when it is directed by a leading idea and informed by a moral vision , must necessarily `` fail '' .
" If you really think that ordinary people in ordinary houses are anarchists , you must be madder than an anarchist yourself .
If community care is to function properly , suitable housing must be affordable on the low income support funds available for unemployed disabled people . 
( The cogs must fit the sinker posts which are closer together on a fine gauge than on a standard of course . )
Great joy he promised to his thoughts , and new Solace in her return , so long delayed : Yet oft his heart , divine of something ill , Misgave him ; he the faltering measure felt ; And forth to meet her went , the way she took That morn when first they parted : by the tree Of knowledge he must pass ; there he her met , Scarce from the tree returning ; in her hand A bough of fairest fruit , that downy smiled , New gathered , and ambrosial smell diffused .
Owen : It 's agreed then people who misbehave and cause the teacher to waste time must pay it back at break .
If he is to write at all he must , in the final irony , turn to language . 
I do not ask you to go with me , for I dare say your mind is too full of the matter to care for company ; and besides , you must long to tell your sister all about it ."
And , besides , I must give you a hint , Frank ; any want of attention to her _here_ should be carefully avoided .
I must die of thirst !"
Elinor , this eldest daughter , whose advice was so effectual , possessed a strength of understanding , and coolness of judgment , which qualified her , though only nineteen , to be the counsellor of her mother , and enabled her frequently to counteract , to the advantage of them all , that eagerness of mind in Mrs . Dashwood which must generally have led to imprudence .
" You have had a great deal of trouble with us , sir ," said she ; " and since Susan will not choose a gown for herself , I must ."
There was too much wind to make the high part of the new Cobb pleasant for the ladies , and they agreed to get down the steps to the lower , and all were contented to pass quietly and carefully down the steep flight , excepting Louisa ; she must be jumped down them by Captain Wentworth .
The title was , " Dan Coopman ," wherefore I concluded that this must be the invaluable memoirs of some Amsterdam cooper in the fishery , as every whale ship must carry its cooper .
Towards evening , when I felt assured that all his performances and rituals must be over , I went up to his room and knocked at the door ; but no answer .
Faith no , as you may season it in the charge ; You must not put another scandall on him , That hee is open to Incontinencie ; That ' s not my meaning : but breath his faults so quaintly , That they may seeme the taints of liberty ; The flash and out - breake of a fiery minde , A sauagenes in vnreclaim ' d bloud of generall assault
Miss Woodhouse , what a pity that I must not write this beautiful charade into my book !
aside from her specifically regional accent , she reveals by the use of the triad , `` irritable , tense , depressed '' , a certain pedantic itemization that indicates she has some familiarity with literary or scientific language ( i.e. , she must have had at least a high-school education ) , and she is telling a story she has mentally rehearsed some time before .
But I must be more in want of a friend , or an agreeable companion , than I have yet been , to take the trouble of conquering any body ' s reserve to procure one .
He must , consequently , exist as a self-perceived substantive , developing agent , or he does not exist as man .
` It 's bad enough losing the dog -- you must know how it affects a vet -- but to be accused of practically killing it out of spite … "
Second , there was a pretty stiff wind against which he was running ; so that I must have seen the streaky look of blowing hair , if the hair had not been very short .
Without agreeing with every phrase in this statement , we must certainly assert the great difference between Christian love and any form of resistance , and then go on beyond the Mennonite position and affirm that Christian love-in-action must first justify and then determine the moral principles limiting resistance .
His situation is an evil -- but you must consider it as what satisfies your friend ; and I will answer for your thinking better and better of him as you know him more .
Come , we must go about our business , and let her have them all to herself ."
From our relative situation , those attentions were her due , and were felt to be so .-- Whether Miss Woodhouse began really to understand me before the expiration of that fortnight , I cannot say ;-- when I called to take leave of her , I remember that I was within a moment of confessing the truth , and I then fancied she was not without suspicion ; but I have no doubt of her having since detected me , at least in some degree .-- She may not have surmised the whole , but her quickness must have penetrated a part .
If she returned to the Hall and told her father what she had endured she would be forbidden to return -- that was what must happen .
In The Publick Spirit of the Whigs , it may be noted , Swift himself contemptuously dismissed Steele's reference to his friend at court : `` I suppose by the Style of old Friend , and the like , it must be some Body there of his own Level ; ;
This Guest of Summer , The Temple - haunting Barlet does approue , By his loued Mansonry , that the Heauens breath Smells wooingly here : no Iutty frieze , Buttrice , nor Coigne of Vantage , but this Bird Hath made his pendant Bed , and procreant Cradle , Where they must breed , and haunt : I haue obseru ' d The ayre is delicate .
They certainly must have thought Malcolm was fishy , dressed as he was in black leather from head to toe .
I must n't detain you ! ” 
" Dear , no , ma ' am , to be sure ; and cook must put up with her disappointment , that ' s all ."
Rewirable circuit fuses are rated at 5 , 15 or 30 amp , and must be rewired with fuse wire of the correct size for the circuit .
Producers must believe in their ability and not succumb to despondency . 
When they unite with the Church they must find in this fellowship the satisfaction of their basic spiritual needs or they will never mature into effective Christians .
These profound heaues You must translate ; Tis fit we vnderstand them .
I must have a powerful representative here , a firm with a national distribution and ten , twenty thousand dollars to advertise my products .
` How much longer must we tolerate articles such as John Cole 's on mass starvation ? " asks Julie Boston , of Bristol . 
On the other hand , commercial companies must develop high-quality products quickly or they may not survive in the marketplace .
Now we must become vague , for we are approaching one of the nation's most guarded secrets .
There must also be condemnation for those who fail to take on the IRA , and the finger must be pointed at the Secretary of State and those who sit behind him . 
Furthermore , most migrants defined themselves as English speakers : it must be said that Jamaicans consider themselves speakers of English , and are offended when ignorant English people inquire what their mother tongue might be . 
With my fear and courage re - awakened together , I rushed at the window and then recoiled with a strangled scream that any man but Arthur must have heard .
Disobedient dogs must be disciplined consistently by voice command and direct stare . 
At least he could go without being prodded ; at least he could steel himself against what he must see .
It must depend on what we find at Arivegaig .
The honourable calling of a councillor must be of the highest worth for no councillor must lower himself or his calling by obtaining any illegal financial gain from his activities as a councillor .
I really must talk to him about purchasing a donkey .
said he , appealing to Hardy , whose word he knew must be believed .
This means that the pots must be packed very full and the contents pressed and pressed until they are as tightly packed as possible . 
But if rationalism and empiricism have a tendency to blot out God , we must recognise that the Enlightenment 's supreme beguilement which has so bewitched modern men and women is a false understanding of human beings . 
As soon as Mrs . Weston was sufficiently recovered to admit Mr . Woodhouse ' s visits , Emma having it in view that her gentle reasonings should be employed in the cause , resolved first to announce it at home , and then at Randalls .-- But how to break it to her father at last !-- She had bound herself to do it , in such an hour of Mr . Knightley ' s absence , or when it came to the point her heart would have failed her , and she must have put it off ; but Mr . Knightley was to come at such a time , and follow up the beginning she was to make .-- She was forced to speak , and to speak cheerfully too .
It was cold inside but the friar was pleased that it had lost its musty smell . 
His lack of family feeling and unquestioning assumption that it must always be sacrificed to necessities of State emerge clearly from his political testaments of 1752 and 1768, the most revealing of all statements of his basic ideas . 
The comfort of such a friend at that moment as Colonel Brandon -- or such a companion for her mother ,-- how gratefully was it felt !-- a companion whose judgment would guide , whose attendance must relieve , and whose friendship might soothe her !-- as far as the shock of such a summons COULD be lessened to her , his presence , his manners , his assistance , would lessen it .
It would place her in the same village with Captain Wentworth , within half a mile of him ; they would have to frequent the same church , and there must be intercourse between the two families .
Complaints about government appointments or policies could only be met by Law with the barren reply that the party could not expect total control and that in coalition such things must happen -- which is just what the critics were saying too . 
Her pleasure in the walk must arise from the exercise and the day , from the view of the last smiles of the year upon the tawny leaves , and withered hedges , and from repeating to herself some few of the thousand poetical descriptions extant of autumn , that season of peculiar and inexhaustible influence on the mind of taste and tenderness , that season which had drawn from every poet , worthy of being read , some attempt at description , or some lines of feeling .
I resign myself to you also -- I guess what you mean , I behold from the beach your crooked fingers , I believe you refuse to go back without feeling of me , We must have a turn together , I undress , hurry me out of sight of the land , Cushion me soft , rock me in billowy drowse , Dash me with amorous wet , I can repay you .
With reluctance , Morton decided that he must make another attempt to identify the dead girl . 
I thought she must be seeing me as some one who had just come from seeing her grandmother , in their distant home-city .
Postmaster General J. Edward Day , who must deal with matters of postal censorship , is himself author of a novel , Bartholf Street , albeit one he was obliged to publish at his own expense .
4 : 4 And he must needs go through Samaria .
Every body must have seen the snow coming on .
" I have been thinking over the past , and trying impartially to judge of the right and wrong , I mean with regard to myself ; and I must believe that I was right , much as I suffered from it , that I was perfectly right in being guided by the friend whom you will love better than you do now .
I heard old Ahab tell him he must always kill a squall , something as they burst a waterspout with a pistol -- fire your ship right into it !
Why , must not I pay my debts honestly ; and must not I pay my rent , and was not it called for long and long ago ; and have not I had time ; and did not I promise to pay it for certain Monday fortnight , and am not I two guineas short ; and where am I to get two guineas ?
Admiral Nelson , also , on a capstan of gun - metal , stands his mast - head in Trafalgar Square ; and ever when most obscured by that London smoke , token is yet given that a hidden hero is there ; for where there is smoke , must be fire .
The sight is not to be believed — except that you absolutely must believe in the authenticity of their kneeling before a shrine to the Virgin of Guadalupe just before plunging head first into a narrow slit of water , 130 feet below .
Since a gentleman must , if possible , avoid sullying them by work , his hands , as importantly as his accent , become the index of social status .
I must take care of that first ."
You must be a foreigner from a distant and barbarous land !
In addition , two other differences in the two types of sections must be noted .
A normal scientist must be uncritical of the paradigm in which he works . 
Of course , it must not be forgotten that in achieving this historical feat , Prokofieff had the vast resources of his people behind him ; ;
What happiness it must be to her good old grandmother and excellent aunt , when she comes to visit them !
exclaimed Father Brown , " and how much more sentimental must American men of science be !
And then I have made a little purchase within this half year ; East Kingham Farm , you must remember the place , where old Gibson used to live .
Instead , I simply assume that there must have been a valid reason for the cessation of emotional hostilities between us and have no desire to resume them . 
" It must be a severe trial to them all .
The sensitive , the unsure , the non-aggressive boy reader must often feel inadequate when faced with the ` ideal boy " of stories . 
I think , Miss Woodhouse , you and I must establish a musical club , and have regular weekly meetings at your house , or ours .
They must be persuaded to adopt the other necessary self-help measures which are described in the preceding section .
Three seconds flat is the usual time , and the space is crossed by moderate mileage , while the overwhelming immensity of such journeys must be conceived as a static pulsation through an enormous number of coexistent frequencies which perpetuate all events .
I was gratified to have your letter , as I had been wondering how you were faring , but understood that you must be too busy to write . 
The farmer was in the field to - day , and he said , ' The corn is ready to cut ; we must call in the neighbours to help .'
It must be emphasised that the results for an interim period do not usually provide a reliable indication of those for the full year . 
So with poor Queequeg , who , as harpooneer , must not only face all the rage of the living whale , but -- as we have elsewhere seen -- mount his dead back in a rolling sea ; and finally descend into the gloom of the hold , and bitterly sweating all day in that subterraneous confinement , resolutely manhandle the clumsiest casks and see to their stowage .
And I must say this : that you owe no particular gratitude to him , nor attention to his wishes ; for we very well know that if he could , he would have left almost everything in the world to THEM ."
Ruffians must have robbed and beaten him before bringing him back to our house to die .
said the widow , who , as she lay on her bed , which she knew must be her deathbed , was thinking of what would become of her children after she was gone .
2- Must differenciate between the infidels , which is in the public eye , and who works behind the scenes , as a mastermind .
Here , she must be leading a life of privation and penance ; there it would have been all enjoyment .
She had had a disappointment , moreover , which that book , and especially the history of her own family , must ever present the remembrance of .
But I must be content with a hint .
To this must be added the 90 to 92 megatons of fission yield produced between the dawn of the atomic age in 1945 and the informal three-power test moratorium that began in November , 1958 .
She is poor ; she has sunk from the comforts she was born to ; and , if she live to old age , must probably sink more .
All employees must receive explicit information about the vision , values , priorities , and rewards that will govern the new state or condition . 
To fulfil macho behaviour patterns , a man must show no fear , demonstrate sexual prowess , father many children and exercise tight control over female kin . 
The youthful infatuation of nineteen would naturally blind him to every thing but her beauty and good nature ; but the four succeeding years -- years , which if rationally spent , give such improvement to the understanding , must have opened his eyes to her defects of education , while the same period of time , spent on her side in inferior society and more frivolous pursuits , had perhaps robbed her of that simplicity which might once have given an interesting character to her beauty .
His tall , firm , upright figure , among the bulky forms and stooping shoulders of the elderly men , was such as Emma felt must draw every body ' s eyes ; and , excepting her own partner , there was not one among the whole row of young men who could be compared with him .-- He moved a few steps nearer , and those few steps were enough to prove in how gentlemanlike a manner , with what natural grace , he must have danced , would he but take the trouble .-- Whenever she caught his eye , she forced him to smile ; but in general he was looking grave .
Like almost everything in this wonderfully romantic and edgy movie , Ms. Pfeiffer 's Susie seems like someone you 've seen before , in numerous show-biz stories -LRB- even her name , Susie Diamond , sounds like a character Marilyn Monroe must have played -RRB- .
I I must try and cop him tomorrow . 
Thus , when we examine datasets for malaria , we must also consider the evolution of drug resistance and a growing human population that is increasingly forced to live in areas that are marginal for agricultural production but optimal for malaria transmission .
Since he had gross income of $600 or more , he must file a return in which he may claim an exemption deduction of $600 .
If anyone had committed murder on the lonely turnoff from the M4 , it must have been Marius .
Child : O my father I like not the houses , They will never to me be any thing , nor do I like money , But to mount up there I would like , O father dear , that banner I like , That pennant I would be and must be .
With interest rates set to fall in the medium term this must augur well for values . 
` Roger Shallot , " the magistrate thundered , ` we find you guilty of these terrible murders and so you must pay the full penalty of the law . 
She must be taken to their house ; all must go to their house ; and await the surgeon ' s arrival there .
Teachers must always realise that the ` obvious purpose of school is to fit children to the society in which they will grow up " . 
4 : 12 Neither is there salvation in any other : for there is none other name under heaven given among men , whereby we must be saved .
These poor brute beasts don ' t know aforehand what ' s going to happen to them ; and as for dying , it ' s what we must all do some time or another ; but to keep wringing the hearts of the living , that have as much sense as one ' s self , is what I call cruel ; and is not this what Attorney Case has been doing by poor Susan and her whole family , ever since he took a spite against them ?
Mr Dugdale must have missed the Granada 500 transmitted in primetime on ITV -- the only time during the campaign when the three party leaders were questioned by real voters on national television . 
In an American film , we must expect characters derived from our native tradition to acquire a pervasive transatlantic twang . 
She must be tired , for a delicious languor was stealing over her . 
Again , a substantial withdrawal of allegiance from Aethelred must have occurred . 
`` All right '' , he conceded finally , `` if you must know , I don't get along with the landlord .
` Therefore , I must say that Wedgwood 's response was like a breath of fresh air .
We must remember to let James know that the carriage will be wanted on Tuesday .
But I must have met thousands of mothers in my career .
You must take care of yourself , Mrs .
In all their dealings and intercourse , Sir Walter Elliot must ever have the precedence .
Whoever suffered inconvenience , she must suffer none , but it occupied a little time to settle the point of civility between the other two .
said he to himself , " it must be -- yet surely it can ' t be Lawrence !"
To be sure , in tool-and-die work and in the building trades , the first job must be often on an apprentice basis , but two years of half-time vocational training enables the young man thus to anticipate one year of apprentice status .
If Brer Bear isn ' t scared , he must have remembered something impo ' tant and has gone to attend to it in a powerful hurry ."
" They must keep the pressure up , and take out as many people in the Taliban 's top tier leadership as possible , " Gul said .
If anyone had been crying for help , the firemen must have responded by now .
The farmer came to - day and said , ' The corn is getting too ripe ; we cannot wait for our neighbours ; we must ask our relatives to help us .'
The development away from specialist child care to unified social services was the result of an increasing awareness that the family must be supported and assisted if child deprivation was to be avoided . 
" My dear Harriet , you must not refine too much upon this charade .-- You will betray your feelings improperly , if you are too conscious and too quick , and appear to affix more meaning , or even quite all the meaning which may be affixed to it .
As Marianne ' s affection for her mother was sincere , it must triumph with little difficulty , over the imaginary evils she had started .
Michaelmas came ; and now Anne ' s heart must be in Kellynch again .
A : I think I must emphasise to the public that it would be quite pointless to travel to St Joseph 's .
I must feel -- I must be wretched -- and they are welcome to enjoy the consciousness of it that can ."
Then every component of the graph of F must be defined over a bounded sub-interval .
In addition he must be the team captain , strong and sympathetic . 
Your meaning must be unequivocal ; no doubts or demurs : and such expressions of gratitude and concern for the pain you are inflicting as propriety requires , will present themselves unbidden to _your_ mind , I am persuaded .
Nor must there be omitted another strange attestation of the antiquity of the whale , in his own osseous post - diluvian reality , as set down by the venerable John Leo , the old Barbary traveller .
Young ladies should not be so forward to give opinions and advice to their elder brothers unasked ; and I presume that Mr . Frederick and I must know what ' s right as well as Miss Marianne .
It must mean empty spaces round him , and they are just what make him obvious .
where I had hope to spend , Quiet though sad , the respite of that day That must be mortal to us both .
Todd ' s daughter was fully eighteen when her father first made his pile ; so there isn ' t really anything impossible in her having a hanger - on in low life ; or even in her hanging on to him , as I think she must be doing , to judge by the lantern business .
It must be galling to be reduced to wearing denim instead of silk . " 
Crossing this dusky entry , and on through yon low - arched way -- cut through what in old times must have been a great central chimney with fireplaces all round -- you enter the public room .
The very want of such equality might prevent his perception of it ; but he must know that in fortune and consequence she was greatly his superior .
`` When your mother was here he must have been a young boy .
Miss Rosamond ' s charming present must not be spoiled in this way , in my house , without my taking proper notice of it .
Not only that , but the subtle insanity of Ahab respecting Moby Dick was noways more significantly manifested than in his superlative sense and shrewdness in foreseeing that , for the present , the hunt should in some way be stripped of that strange imaginative impiousness which naturally invested it ; that the full terror of the voyage must be kept withdrawn into the obscure background ( for few men ' s courage is proof against protracted meditation unrelieved by action ); that when they stood their long night watches , his officers and men must have some nearer things to think of than Moby Dick .
They remained but a few minutes together , as Miss Woodhouse must not be kept waiting ; and Harriet then came running to her with a smiling face , and in a flutter of spirits , which Miss Woodhouse hoped very soon to compose .
He agreed to it , but with so quiet a " Yes ," as inclined her almost to doubt his real concurrence ; and yet there must be a very distinct sort of elegance for the fashionable world , if Jane Fairfax could be thought only ordinarily gifted with it .
" You must remember , my dear mother , that I have never considered this matter as certain .
Unless specifically instructed by the council , a councillor must not take part in the execution of works or actions ordered by the council .
Certainly Andy Roxburgh , the Scotland coach , must believe so after arriving here for Wednesday 's crucial World Cup qualifying match against France carrying a trio of injured players . 
To have any success in this effort , we must ourselves view it as an enterprise stretching over a considerable number of years , and we must encourage the recipients of our aid to view it in the same fashion .
Not only should this provision be enforced but other economic and political actions might be taken which , this author believes , `` must surely be supported by every American who values the freedom that has been won for him and whose conscience is not so dominated by the lines in his account books that he can willingly and knowingly contribute to the enslavement of another nation '' .
Futhermore , the station which wants real prestige must lead or participate in community improvement projects , not simply serve on the air .
In the earlier years of training certain phases of the work must be covered and the synthetic problem has its use .
To become an orthodontist , a man must first be licensed by his state as a dentist , then he must spend at least two years in additional training to acquire a license as a specialist .
' Well , it must be removed ,' said the King very decidedly , and he called the Queen , who was passing at the moment , ' My dear !
Philip sharpened one of his pencils that Lee must have broken , sharpened it too much and the lead broke again .
But it must have been a temptation in poor working-class communities , where virginity in any case was not sacred , where the stigma against extra-marital sex was weak , and where a prostitute could earn in half an hour what a respectable girl might earn in a week . 
` If you ever aspire to being a gentleman , " she said with quiet dignity , ` you must take care of Katarina . " 
`` To get a marriage back where it belongs '' , comments Dr. Schillinger of the Lincoln Institute , `` the husband must take some very basic steps .
` Looking back on it the plan could n't have been simpler but we must have rehearsed it forty times .
Long-range planning of programs and ways to finance them have become musts if the state in the next few years is to avoid crisis-to-crisis government .
I must have strained it or something playing with the kids . 
We in this Department must think about foreign policy in its total context .
No , my dearest Marianne , you must wait .
She saw how her own character was considered by Captain Wentworth , and there had been just that degree of feeling and curiosity about her in his manner which must give her extreme agitation .
A likeness pleases every body ; and Miss Woodhouse ' s performances must be capital .
At the very least they must be contained and never allowed to sally out . 
He must have had a wet ride .-- Yes .-- He meant to walk with her , she found .
With regard to Charles Hayter , she had delicacy which must be pained by any lightness of conduct in a well - meaning young woman , and a heart to sympathize in any of the sufferings it occasioned ; but if Henrietta found herself mistaken in the nature of her feelings , the alternation could not be understood too soon .
They must have been amazed and resentful that Pyke wanted to listen to me , of all people , someone who was barely an actor . 
In a formal statement from the White House East Room , President Obama warned that the U. N. resolution passed Thursday meant that the attacks must stop .
Returning to the example given earlier of the broker/dealer department advising customer A to purchase shares in company B when the corporate finance department is advising B and knows that it is on the verge of insolvency , the question arises as to what the firm must divulge to A in order to modify its duty of undivided loyalty to A to the extent necessary to permit it to withhold the information about B. 
" This explains the sort of clever thing that is wanted , and Mr . Weston has done very well for himself ; but he must have knocked up every body else .
" He must be still in England ," observed Flambeau , " and horridly well hidden , too .
Nevertheless , he stuck to their wake , though indeed their back water must have retarded him , because the white - bone or swell at his broad muzzle was a dashed one , like the swell formed when two hostile currents meet .
19 : 5 And when Jesus came to the place , he looked up , and saw him , and said unto him , Zacchaeus , make haste , and come down ; for to day I must abide at thy house .
I go to judge On earth these thy transgressours ; but thou knowest , Whoever judged , the worst on me must light , When time shall be ; for so I undertook Before thee ; and , not repenting , this obtain Of right , that I may mitigate their doom On me derived ; yet I shall temper so Justice with mercy , as may illustrate most Them fully satisfied , and thee appease .
If listeners were just keen to get into the ` real meat " of the Brahms second piano concerto , then genuine Brahms lovers must have been disappointed . 
We must , first of all , be willing to forgive others before we can secure God's forgiveness .
He treated his people carelessly and his servants cruelly , and everything he wanted he felt that he must have .
Although the teacher must be concerned with maintaining standards , he must also be concerned about understanding differences in ability , background , and experience .
" But , however , ONE thing must be considered .
Show her the new swimming pool and she would say , slapping her ankle , `` I suppose this must be where you breed your gigantic mosquitoes '' .
If you only hope to have your assertion contradicted , as I must suppose to be the case , you ought to recollect that I am the last person in the world to do it .
I think the answer is to be found in Prokofieff's own words : `` the clarity must be new , not old '' .
Our aim must be to learn as much as we teach .
I never could have been happy with him , after knowing , as sooner or later I must have known , all this .-- I should have had no confidence , no esteem .
only that we enjoy each other and exhaust each other if it must be so ;) From the master , the pilot I yield the vessel to , The general commanding me , commanding all , from him permission taking , From time the programme hastening , ( I have loiter ' d too long as it is ,) From sex , from the warp and from the woof , From privacy , from frequent repinings alone , From plenty of persons near and yet the right person not near , From the soft sliding of hands over me and thrusting of fingers through my hair and beard , From the long sustain ' d kiss upon the mouth or bosom , From the close pressure that makes me or any man drunk , fainting with excess , From what the divine husband knows , from the work of fatherhood , From exultation , victory and relief , from the bedfellow ' s embrace in the night , From the act - poems of eyes , hands , hips and bosoms , From the cling of the trembling arm , From the bending curve and the clinch , From side by side the pliant coverlet off - throwing , From the one so unwilling to have me leave , and me just as unwilling to leave , ( Yet a moment O tender waiter , and I return ,) From the hour of shining stars and dropping dews , From the night a moment I emerging flitting out , Celebrate you act divine and you children prepared for , And you stalwart loins .
Certain it was that she was to come ; and that Highbury , instead of welcoming that perfect novelty which had been so long promised it -- Mr . Frank Churchill -- must put up for the present with Jane Fairfax , who could bring only the freshness of a two years ' absence .
To connect into an existing stack a hole must be drilled ( not within 200 mm of the WC connection ) .
" Yes ," assented the Professor , " you ' re quite right ; and we must hurry up , for I can see the Grey Nose standing out from France ."
" I , that am padrona of the well ," said she , addressing herself to Francisco , who , with great attention , was contemplating her with the eye of a painter --" I , that am padrona of the well , must in times of scarcity do strict justice , and preserve for ourselves alone the water of our well .
" Must you ?"
Anyone qualifying for HLCAs must occupy at least 3 hectares of eligible land . 
Then came their bathroom , and then a bedroom that , judging by the photographs on the walls , must belong to Mme Cestre .
John Knightley came ; but Mr . Weston was unexpectedly summoned to town and must be absent on the very day .
If people want to discuss matters of general concern , they must get themselves elected to this Congress . 
In a society dominated by middle-class values and working in an institution which transmits and strengthens these social values , it is clear that the educational profession must work for the values which are characteristic of the society .
One such disagreement , which will receive attention in this next chapter , concerns the question whether rates for different kinds of service , in order to avoid the attribute of discrimination , must be made directly proportional to marginal costs , or whether they should be based instead on differences in marginal costs .
When Brahma , or the God of Gods , saith the Shaster , resolved to recreate the world after one of its periodical dissolutions , he gave birth to Vishnoo , to preside over the work ; but the Vedas , or mystical books , whose perusal would seem to have been indispensable to Vishnoo before beginning the creation , and which therefore must have contained something in the shape of practical hints to young architects , these Vedas were lying at the bottom of the waters ; so Vishnoo became incarnate in a whale , and sounding down in him to the uttermost depths , rescued the sacred volumes .
While it must be said that these same Protestants have built some new churches during this period , and that religious population shifts have emptied churches , a principal reason for this phenomenon of redundancy is that fewer Protestants are going to church .
Turnbull must have been more superstitious than he knew , for he stopped in the act of going forward .
The night after reading her letter about her surgeon uncle -- it must have been late in September -- I had a vision of myself returned in ragged uniform from The Front , nearly dying , my head bandaged and blooded , and Jessica bending over me , the power of her love bringing me back to life .
10 : 11 And he said unto me , Thou must prophesy again before many peoples , and nations , and tongues , and kings .
Finally Luis Hernandez said , `` What must be , must be .
But now for the barbs ; thou must make them thyself , man .
It would have been impossible to have brought an airliner into the gallery -- they must remain at the Museum 's ` out-station " at Wroughton , Wilts , but the next best thing was achieved .
If the detective insists upon retaining his personal standards , he must now do so in conscious defiance of his society .
Proper evidence of the liquidation and succession must also be filed .
Some time in the first six months of next year , an election must take place .
If art is to release us from these postulated things ( things we must think symbolically about ) and bring us back to the ineffable beauty and richness of the aesthetic component of reality in its immediacy , it must sever its connection with these common sense entities '' .
It is here that the local and ecumenical must meet .
What a swinging group they must have been when they first started entertaining ! !
Unlike true aquatic plants , those of the bog garden must be planted during the traditional planting season which extends from early autumn until late spring . 
It was mentioned earlier that one must distinguish between economic efficiency and cost-cutting .
` Anybody who would hire a waitress without an ounce of experience must be something of a saint , " Charity agreed . 
It must be about berry time now , and I ' d forgotten all about it .
YOU are my cousins , and they are my wife ' s , so you must be related ."
Faced with his second mutiny in barely a day Jones agreed , though insisting his men must not search or damage the house but merely demand the family silver . 
Obviously , organic does signify better , or at the least an improvement , but the buyer must beware .
The teacher must ensure that the student is relaxed , so that stress does not interfere with learning . 
The employer must notify the substantiated grounds for the dismissal in writing . 
Cameron Ward , a manager at the North Middlesex Hospital in Edmonton , north London , said : ` We must give priority to emergencies . " 
You must tell me what you want to take . 
Jarbas Passarinho , the federal justice minister and an outspoken opponent of the park , must now agree a budget for the next stage of Operation Free Jungle .
I tell ye what , men , old Rad ' s investment must go for it !
Then Musto joined in , kicking him on the head . 
" I think every one MUST admire it ," replied Elinor , " who ever saw the place ; though it is not to be supposed that any one can estimate its beauties as we do ."
School teachers , all too unprepared for the job they must do , will need demonstrators .
But one must not expect every thing ; though I suppose it would be no difficult matter to widen them .
The work must be true to both the physical and the spiritual character of the experience .
It must be coming from an upright heater against the far wall in the supervisors' office .
The first thought some investors had was that a red-faced Shearson must have been wildly bullish on stocks in its original commentary , and that 's why it purged its pages .
Now Farmer Brown ' s boy learned a long time ago that to be a successful fisherman one must have a great deal of patience , so though he didn ' t get a bite right away as he had expected to , he wasn ' t the least bit discouraged .
` You must n't be downcast , " said Lydia . 
Everything must wait upon this mission , this sentimental duty of a pilgrim whose nature avoided graveyards .
This means they must be mounted on a strong flat base on a good floor -- not bouncy floorboards . 
I wish I could get this string off -- I must cut it ."
The concept of labor as a special class is outmoded , and in the task confronting America as bastion of the free world , labor must learn to put the national interest first if it is itself to survive .
We must act responsibly .
for myself , I protest I must be excused ," said Mrs . Elton ; " _I_ really cannot attempt -- I am not at all fond of the sort of thing .
Now her vivid imagination had no difficulty in showing her how Mark 's last drive alone must have been , how miserable he must have felt . 
You are in a melancholy humour , and fancy that any one unlike yourself must be happy .
I dashed across to the DC 's house to tell him that this train with several hundred refugees was standing in the station , and some shelter must be found for them . 
" Why should you -- no , I must tell her , of course ----"
the very Conueyances of his Lands will hardly lye in this Boxe ; and must the Inheritor himselfe haue no more ?
Not only must the prosecuting authorities have notice of the proposed order but they must unequivocally agree not to make use , directly or indirectly , of material divulged as a result of compliance with the order . 
There can be no doubt of your being a gentleman ' s daughter , and you must support your claim to that station by every thing within your own power , or there will be plenty of people who would take pleasure in degrading you ."
One must ask a wit , like a fine singer , so often .
Besides , argued I , fasting makes the body cave in ; hence the spirit caves in ; and all thoughts born of a fast must necessarily be half - starved .
The consequence of which was , that Mrs . John Dashwood was obliged to submit not only to the exceedingly great inconvenience of sending her carriage for the Miss Dashwoods , but , what was still worse , must be subject to all the unpleasantness of appearing to treat them with attention : and who could tell that they might not expect to go out with her a second time ?
We must often sleep under the stars as if we were in Africa .
Additionally , since you're going to be hors de combat pretty soon with sprue , yaws , Delhi boil , the Granville wilt , liver fluke , bilharziasis , and a host of other complications of the hex you've aroused , you mustn't expect to be lionized socially .
The moral is : don't transplant it any oftener than you must .
The sudden termination of Colonel Brandon ' s visit at the park , with his steadiness in concealing its cause , filled the mind , and raised the wonder of Mrs . Jennings for two or three days ; she was a great wonderer , as every one must be who takes a very lively interest in all the comings and goings of all their acquaintance .
I must say I find it very irritating . 
A partner must not be prohibited access to information at his reasonable request .
The Government must be seen to be green . 
But there must be a catalytic pressure .
" I must , I say , child .
` Oh -- um -- I 'm afraid I 've scads of letters I must write , " she excused , hoping to be forgiven . 
The conclusions raise the prospect that the insurgency in the south may never be completely vanquished , but instead must be contained to prevent it from threatening the government of President Hamid Karzai .
The officer had told him that both lists must be checked .
The two men emerged from the crypt into the daylight , the shorter one leading , bounding up the stone steps as if relieved to be away from the musty chamber . 
But Farmer Brown laughed so much and made fun of him so much , that at last his boy began to think that he must have been mistaken after all .
I must confess that in all the times I read Madame Bovary , I never noticed the heroine 's rainbow eyes . 
A situation such as you deserve , and your friends would require for you , is no everyday occurrence , is not obtained at a moment ' s notice ; indeed , indeed , we must begin inquiring directly ."
then the choreographer must arbitrate
" If I did not know her to be happy now ," said Emma , seriously , " which , in spite of every little drawback from her scrupulous conscience , she must be , I could not bear these thanks ;-- for , oh !
I suppose when a very young infant is adopted , the temptation to the parents to pretend that the child was born to them must be very great . 
In reality the mind must activate many schemata at once , each interacting with the other .
" They have borne more than our conduct .-- Do not , my dearest Elinor , let your kindness defend what I know your judgment must censure .
You see , Farmer Brown ' s boy was just beginning to understand something that Peter Rabbit and the other little people of the Green Meadows and the Green Forest learned almost as soon as they learned to walk ,-- that if you don ' t want to be seen , you mustn ' t be heard .
then , said I , I must run across , I am sure Miss Woodhouse will allow me just to run across and entreat her to come in ; my mother will be so very happy to see her -- and now we are such a nice party , she cannot refuse .--` Aye , pray do ,' said Mr . Frank Churchill , ` Miss Woodhouse ' s opinion of the instrument will be worth having .'
you must take me with you ," said his pleased uncle ; " I like to see people made happy , as well as you do ."
` Their mother must have noticed a difference in them . 
Alone in his canoe , he paddled off to a distant strait , which he knew the ship must pass through when she quitted the island .
( Mother , bend down , bend close to me your face , I know not what these plots and wars and deferments are for , I know not fruition ' s success , but I know that through war and crime your work goes on , and must yet go on .)
He must have succeeded since by the end of the next day we 'd moved up to fifth place , and we got our permit to camp for two nights by the Colorado . 
It must show that serious offences against the criminal law will be effectively dealt with .
Beyond the aesthetic and technical aspects of this expansion we must consider the change in pottery style on broader lines .
Cutler made no answer , but said sharply a moment after : " We must attend to the ... the death ..." and his voice escaped from articulation .
he must have more than that ."
Dread my Lord , Your leaue and fauour to returne to France , From whence , though willingly I came to Denmarke To shew my duty in your Coronation , Yet now I must confesse , that duty done , My thoughts and wishes bend againe towards France , And bow them to your gracious leaue and pardon
Within one month after the date of notification , the Commission must decide whether the proposed merger falls within the scope of the Merger Regulation and if so , whether it is compatible with the Common Market . 
The sight of him like that gladdened my heart because I knew his news must be good . 
For we must number here not only the names of Bushnell , Clarke , and Rauschenbusch , not to mention those of `` the Chicago School '' and Macintosh , but those of the brothers Niebuhr and ( if America may claim him ! !
Sara hated to think of how she herself must appear with her face devoid of make-up and her hair tumbled . 
He listened with all due deference ; acknowledged that he had heard many people say the same -- but yet he must confess , that to him nothing could make amends for the want of the fine glow of health .
The whale , therefore , must see one distinct picture on this side , and another distinct picture on that side ; while all between must be profound darkness and nothingness to him .
Most important of all , the less developed countries must be persuaded to take the necessary steps to allocate and commit their own resources .
" But indeed you must and shall come .
But it must have taken some sweet talking from Newman to persuade Mansell 's wife Rosanne to agree . 
What he might say on the subject a twelvemonth after , must be referred to the imagination of husbands and wives .
Sir , I was the more loath to see it shut into his garden , which , moreover , is large enough of all conscience without it , because you must know , Sir Arthur , the children in our village are fond of making a little play - green of it ; and they have a custom of meeting on May day at a hawthorn that stands in the middle of it , and altogether I was very loath to see ' em turned out of it by those who have no right ."
Tenders for the bonds , available in minimum denominations of $ 1,000 , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Wednesday at Federal Reserve banks .
Mr . Weston must be quiet , and every thing deliberately arranged .
I answered it within an hour ; but from the confusion of my mind , and the multiplicity of business falling on me at once , my answer , instead of being sent with all the many other letters of that day , was locked up in my writing - desk ; and I , trusting that I had written enough , though but a few lines , to satisfy her , remained without any uneasiness .-- I was rather disappointed that I did not hear from her again speedily ; but I made excuses for her , and was too busy , and -- may I add ?-- too cheerful in my views to be captious .-- We removed to Windsor ; and two days afterwards I received a parcel from her , my own letters all returned !-- and a few lines at the same time by the post , stating her extreme surprize at not having had the smallest reply to her last ; and adding , that as silence on such a point could not be misconstrued , and as it must be equally desirable to both to have every subordinate arrangement concluded as soon as possible , she now sent me , by a safe conveyance , all my letters , and requested , that if I could not directly command hers , so as to send them to Highbury within a week , I would forward them after that period to her at --: in short , the full direction to Mr . Smallridge ' s , near Bristol , stared me in the face .
Haue patience gentle Friends , I must not read it .
12 : 34 The people answered him , We have heard out of the law that Christ abideth for ever : and how sayest thou , The Son of man must be lifted up ?
If the sacrament of Holy Communion is the sacrament of reconciliation , of unity , of God making peace through the blood of his cross , then we must face the fact that this sacrament witnesses to our deep divisions , our brokenness and hurt . 
It was a little fever of admiration ; but it might , probably must , end in love with some .
I must , in fairness , take issue with his premise , primarily because the so-called scandals in labor unions were very much connected with business scandals .
" If I complain to their master ," said he to himself , " they will certainly be flogged , and that I should be sorry for : yet they must not be let to go on stealing ; that would be worse still , for it would surely bring them to the gallows in the end .
The inference has been too widely accepted that because the Communists have succeeded in building barricades across Berlin the free world must acquiesce in dismemberment of that living city .
I heard them talking about it in the kitchen ; but I only got a word here and there , for I was hunting for the snuff - dish , as I knew it must be for candles when I heard the bell ring , ma ' am ; so I thought to find the snuff - dish before I answered the bell , for I knew it must be for candles you rang .
What must your management team do to establish corporate due process ?
" Do come now ," said he --" pray come -- you must come -- I declare you shall come -- You can ' t think how you will like them .
` Though we knew by the place where he had fallen that it must have been at the very summit just as the path runs down the cliff to Kinghorn Manor . " 
11 : 32 And upon whatsoever any of them , when they are dead , doth fall , it shall be unclean ; whether it be any vessel of wood , or raiment , or skin , or sack , whatsoever vessel it be , wherein any work is done , it must be put into water , and it shall be unclean until the even ; so it shall be cleansed .
Then he abandoned himself to such abstract meditations as always amused him -- calculating the angles of the mirrors , the angles of each refraction , the angle at which each must fit into the wall ... when he heard a strong but strangled cry .
Harriet would be anxiety enough ; she need no longer be unhappy about Jane , whose troubles and whose ill - health having , of course , the same origin , must be equally under cure .-- Her days of insignificance and evil were over .-- She would soon be well , and happy , and prosperous .-- Emma could now imagine why her own attentions had been slighted .
If you must know all about me --'
She wondered , with little intermission what could be the reason of it ; was sure there must be some bad news , and thought over every kind of distress that could have befallen him , with a fixed determination that he should not escape them all .
She could not distinguish , but she must guess the subject ; and on Captain Wentworth ' s making a distant bow , she comprehended that her father had judged so well as to give him that simple acknowledgement of acquaintance , and she was just in time by a side glance to see a slight curtsey from Elizabeth herself .
Liz must have looked as woebegone as she felt when they staggered into the stuffy carriage , because Barbara had burst out laughing . 
This issue must not be overlooked , but it should be pursued gently since self-destructive behaviour may result from the arousal of traumatic memories . 
The apparent black-body disk temperature is the temperature which must be assumed for the black body in order that the intensity of its radiation should equal that of the observed radiation .
He must be sagacious and have good judgement , be patient and yet at the same time firm in maintaining the interests of the ruler he represented . 
Mr . Weston had been so very earnest in his entreaties for her arriving there as soon as possible after themselves , for the purpose of taking her opinion as to the propriety and comfort of the rooms before any other persons came , that she could not refuse him , and must therefore spend some quiet interval in the young man ' s company .
The British Foreign Office held that the prestige of the UN must be preserved and that it would be foolish for the United States to treat the UN as a rubber stamp for decisions already taken in Washington . 
We must finish before he gets his gag out ."
16 : 21 From that time forth began Jesus to shew unto his disciples , how that he must go unto Jerusalem , and suffer many things of the elders and chief priests and scribes , and be killed , and be raised again the third day .
" You must make my apologies to your friend ; but so good a charade must not be confined to one or two .
Now , however , we must wish you and Mrs . Bates good morning ."
He must have been pleased or he would have been stamping round here by now . " 
Hence government must establish greater controls upon corporations so that their activities promote what is deemed essential to the national interest .
4 : 1 After this I looked , and , behold , a door was opened in heaven : and the first voice which I heard was as it were of a trumpet talking with me ; which said , Come up hither , and I will shew thee things which must be hereafter .
" Must I go first ?
If there is doubt and unbelief to be overcome , it is outside of us , and like St George we must venture out of the camp and slay the dragons for the honour of faith .
A bride , you know , must appear like a bride , but my natural taste is all for simplicity ; a simple style of dress is so infinitely preferable to finery .
It must be that for once he has been smarter than Buster Bear ."
But neither great Washington , nor Napoleon , nor Nelson , will answer a single hail from below , however madly invoked to befriend by their counsels the distracted decks upon which they gaze ; however it may be surmised , that their spirits penetrate through the thick haze of the future , and descry what shoals and what rocks must be shunned .
Logically , therefore , we must conclude that since accidents do happen then either the system is faulty or someone along the line is not doing his job properly .
Eileen must have wheedled a little out of Precious .
To do this , your pre-raised seedlings must be pricked out into 3in pots , roughly the shape and size of a bulb planter . 
Mr Shepherd laughed , as he knew he must , at this wit , and then added --
This practical data must be successfully communicated to clients before they are invited to sign a contract , thereby committing them to purchase the new property . 
Unwelcome as it was , Mr . Woodhouse could only give a submissive sigh ; and as Emma saw his spirits affected by the idea of his daughter ' s attachment to her husband , she immediately led to such a branch of the subject as must raise them .
Serbia must comply with conditions insisted upon by Britain before the sanctions are fully lifted . 
But as he destroyed ships , as well as for other reasons , he must have been a whale ; and I am strongly inclined to think a sperm whale .
In the Phaedo , Socrates praises Anaxagoras for saying that the world must be explained by reference to mind , and then criticizes him for not acting on the principle that he recommends . 
In the afternoons , she must always be home at 4.30 -- so that the carer can take her to the lavatory before leaving for the day . 
You know , Mrs . Weston , you and I must be cautious how we express ourselves .
Media and social pressures must take some of the blame for the increase in debt . 
No child , this tart , she must have been thirty-five or even forty .
Not to leave our readers longer in suspense , we must inform them that the peasants of Resina were right in their suspicions .
A MOTHER stabbed to death by her jealous husband made a secret will stating that he must never be allowed to care for their son . 
I wish he and his daughter Bab , or Miss Barbara , as she must now be called , were a hundred miles off , out of our way , I know .
As a general thing , the joint - owners of the Pequod must have plainly thought not .
Until such evidence appears , we must make do with the evidence we have .
If he were , every thing else must give way ; but otherwise his friend Cole had been saying so much about his dining with him -- had made such a point of it , that he had promised him conditionally to come .
To the extent that the jurisdictional principle of 1875 stands unmodified by subsequent legislation , federal equitable relief against state action must be available -- or so it seems to Mr. Justice Frankfurter .
Whate ' er is born of mortal birth Must be consumed with the earth , To rise from generation free : Then what have I to do with thee ?
Even so , the snow there was calf-deep , so that George needs must lift his legs at each step , making walking an effort . 
Now , this ouer - done , or come tardie off , though it make the vnskilfull laugh , cannot but make the Iudicious greeue ; The censure of the which One , must in your allowance o ' reway a whole Theater of Others .
In his great and glorious wisdom , he knew that our enemies the Israelites must not be able to read therein what we planned '' .
Now , the greatest depth of the invested body of this particular whale must have been at least sixteen feet ; whereas , the corresponding rib measured but little more than eight feet .
I say this continual smoking must have been one cause , at least , of his peculiar disposition ; for every one knows that this earthly air , whether ashore or afloat , is terribly infected with the nameless miseries of the numberless mortals who have died exhaling it ; and as in time of the cholera , some people go about with a camphorated handkerchief to their mouths ; so , likewise , against all mortal tribulations , Stubb ' s tobacco smoke might have operated as a sort of disinfecting agent .
Sigmen himself must have foreseen it .
" So , sir ," said Mr . T . when the whisper was done , addressing himself to Hardy , with a voice and manner which , had he been guilty , must have pierced him to the heart , " I find I have been deceived in you ; it is but three hours ago that I told your uncle I never had a boy in my school in whom I placed so much confidence ; but , after all this show of honour and integrity , the moment my back is turned , you are the first to set an example of disobedience of my orders .
I see now the relentless laying down of guilt , and I feel a faint surprise that I must interpret it that way . 
You must let me introduce you to her ladyship to - morrow evening .
He must know that the Woodhouses had been settled for several generations at Hartfield , the younger branch of a very ancient family -- and that the Eltons were nobody .
He seemed to be almost asking her , whether her affections were engaged .-- But as soon as she ( Miss Woodhouse ) appeared likely to join them , he changed the subject , and began talking about farming :-- The second , was his having sat talking with her nearly half an hour before Emma came back from her visit , the very last morning of his being at Hartfield -- though , when he first came in , he had said that he could not stay five minutes -- and his having told her , during their conversation , that though he must go to London , it was very much against his inclination that he left home at all , which was much more ( as Emma felt ) than he had acknowledged to _her_ .
My sister 's burnt her arm , but before you come and dress it , I must tell you that we 're frightfully hard up . 
I am in blood Stept in so farre , that should I wade no more , Returning were as tedious as go ore : Strange things I haue in head , that will to hand , Which must be acted , ere they may be scand
But as Brown Owl pinned my Promise Badge on me , and said , ` I trust you to keep the Promise " , the excitement must have been too much for Natalie ! 
Buhle must point the finger at the other radical groups . 
For instance , we must know and understand the total cost structure in multi-product businesses from raw materials through to the customer .
Certainly , he must recognize its power and attempt to ascertain its influence on the flow of history , but he must not confuse the natural and the mundane with the divine .
Primary schools must respect children 's talk , as pupils put into words their thoughts and feelings , explore new ideas and deepen understanding .
The liver must be in contact with the skin of the user , however , to be used . 
The smaller man writhed on the ground in authentic agony , screaming and calling for help as the two bigger men pounded him with their feet and fists -- an expert job , I must say . 
" Emma , I must once more speak to you as I have been used to do : a privilege rather endured than allowed , perhaps , but I must still use it .
" Ay , my dear Hal ," said his uncle , smiling at his look of amazement , " these are some of the things that young people must learn from experience .
I repeat it to you , for habit must be counteracted by habit .
Servicemen must not be asked to fight and risk their lives equipped with inferior weapons ; and yet , they will have too few weapons if the costs are too high . 
Somebody in this town must still have some backbone '' .
Felix knew enough to ruin them , and must therefore be won over .
Come , go we to the King , This must be knowne , being kept close might moue More greefe to hide , then hate to vtter loue .
Her heart in her mouth , she dropped to her knees and crawled along the path till she reached the window looking into what she guessed must be the front room of the cottage . 
" He that would live in peace and rest , Must hear , and see , and say the best ."
He must have enjoyed it when he was scoring off his pupils in his days as a college professor . 
Coleridge must soon have taken the poem to read to the Wordsworths , and in the following month had an even more substantial achievement to show them .
" We should not like her so well as we do , sir , if we could suppose it ; but she knows how much the marriage is to Miss Taylor ' s advantage ; she knows how very acceptable it must be , at Miss Taylor ' s time of life , to be settled in a home of her own , and how important to her to be secure of a comfortable provision , and therefore cannot allow herself to feel so much pain as pleasure .
Not so the Miss Steeles .-- They came from Exeter , well provided with admiration for the use of Sir John Middleton , his family , and all his relations , and no niggardly proportion was now dealt out to his fair cousins , whom they declared to be the most beautiful , elegant , accomplished , and agreeable girls they had ever beheld , and with whom they were particularly anxious to be better acquainted .-- And to be better acquainted therefore , Elinor soon found was their inevitable lot , for as Sir John was entirely on the side of the Miss Steeles , their party would be too strong for opposition , and that kind of intimacy must be submitted to , which consists of sitting an hour or two together in the same room almost every day .
Mary had acquired a little artificial importance , by becoming Mrs Charles Musgrove ; but Anne , with an elegance of mind and sweetness of character , which must have placed her high with any people of real understanding , was nobody with either father or sister ; her word had no weight , her convenience was always to give way -- she was only Anne .
and for this human beings must be firmly in control of the economics on which our society rests .
`` You must have some security '' , said a young clerk .
At least two responsible adults must supervise the burning and a mobile container(s) with at least 1000 litres of water must be on hand at the site . 
It must be so .
Sapt talked to me for three hours about what I must do and what I must say , what I liked and what I did n't like . 
But we can say nothing to these things you know Jackson , we must jog on and be content with the jingling of the bells , only d -- it , I hate a dust , and kicking up a dust , and being confined in harness while others ride in the waggon , under cover , stretching their legs in the straw at ease , and gazing at green trees and blue skies without half my Taste . 
You must at least have felt that my being acquainted with it could not add to its safety ."
she must be poised and proud and unafraid in order to prove to the mountain that she was in earnest .
We must be prepared for our descriptions being sent to every tiny village , and for our faces being recognized by every ambitious policeman .
Instead , they observed the principle of socialist legality -- the idea that the best interests of a socialist society must override even the principle and letter of the law . 
If it is not enough that all of our internationalist One Worlders are advocating that we join this market , I refer you to an article in the New York Times' magazine section ( Nov. 12 , 1961 ) , by Mr. Eric Johnston , entitled `` We Must Join The Common Market '' .
Must remember this when tempted into the local hen shop. ) 9 pm Ben Frow arrives to try on costumes for Re:Joyce . 
It must be terrible for you to hear it talked of ; and as for your sister , I am sure I would not mention a word about it to her for the world .
And I must say , I think she was used very hardly ; for your sister scolded like any fury , and soon drove her into a fainting fit .
Our torments also may , in length of time , Become our elements , these piercing fires As soft as now severe , our temper changed Into their temper ; which must needs remove The sensible of pain .
She began immediately to determine , that Edward who lived with his mother , must be asked as his mother was , to a party given by his sister ; and to see him for the first time , after all that passed , in the company of Lucy !-- she hardly knew how she could bear it !
The families of the two dead teenagers say there must have been an alternative to opening fire . 
The puffin must be one of the most unusual of all British sea birds and there is something very comical about the way it moves and looks . 
23 : 6 And on the fifteenth day of the same month is the feast of unleavened bread unto the LORD : seven days ye must eat unleavened bread .
We must fight now .
Whether in a large institution , a small restaurant , a bakery , a take-away food shop or the kitchen at home , those who handle and cook food must adhere strictly to the rules of food hygiene . 
It must , apparently , be motion without termini .
However , since you have no doubt spent hours piecing this letter together ( must have taken you hours , my dear , to get all those words out ) -- I 'll grudgingly acknowledge its existence .
Powerful forces must be at work to overcome a differential of this size .
Now jump overboard , and sing away , if thou must !
To Robbie 's amazement the bitch , despite the fact that the minute claws kneading her dugs must be extremely painful , was tolerating the kitten 's presence . 
He built them a pagoda of solid jade and embellished it with precious gems -- not realising that to grow up a dragon must accumulate its own hoard , must steal it from Emperors and princes . 
It must be confessed that this test is a rather artificial one .
` If you must know , " she said finally , not looking at him , ` I did n't much see the point . "
Thus , as a development program is being launched , commitments and obligations must be entered into in a given year which may exceed by twofold or threefold the expenditures to be made in that year .
As long as they lived , no exertions would be necessary , their home might be hers for ever ; and for their own comfort they would have retained her wholly ; but this would be selfishness :-- what must be at last , had better be soon .
In the event of loss of money and/or travellers cheques and also in the event of loss of jewellery or personal effects through burglary or theft you must notify the police within 24 hours of discovery .
They were a family of the name of Martin , whom Emma well knew by character , as renting a large farm of Mr . Knightley , and residing in the parish of Donwell -- very creditably , she believed -- she knew Mr . Knightley thought highly of them -- but they must be coarse and unpolished , and very unfit to be the intimates of a girl who wanted only a little more knowledge and elegance to be quite perfect .
Perhaps they began to feel it might have been kinder and wiser to have resisted the temptation of any delay , and spared her from a taste of such enjoyments of ease and leisure as must now be relinquished .
1 : 7 For a bishop must be blameless , as the steward of God ; not selfwilled , not soon angry , not given to wine , no striker , not given to filthy lucre ; 1 : 8 But a lover of hospitality , a lover of good men , sober , just , holy , temperate ; 1 : 9 Holding fast the faithful word as he hath been taught , that he may be able by sound doctrine both to exhort and to convince the gainsayers .
We are paddling at 45 degrees to the sea so on every wave the paddle must be just so to stop the boat going over . 
She might assist his resolution , or reconcile him to it ; she might give just praise to Harriet , or , by representing to him his own independence , relieve him from that state of indecision , which must be more intolerable than any alternative to such a mind as his .-- They had reached the house .
She wanted to hear many particulars of their engagement repeated again , she wanted more clearly to understand what Lucy really felt for Edward , whether there were any sincerity in her declaration of tender regard for him , and she particularly wanted to convince Lucy , by her readiness to enter on the matter again , and her calmness in conversing on it , that she was no otherwise interested in it than as a friend , which she very much feared her involuntary agitation , in their morning discourse , must have left at least doubtful .
The child must type the sentence with the words in the correct order , and is rewarded for the right answer by the picture coming to life -- John jumps on his bike and cycles to school . 
4 : 5 Then said Boaz , What day thou buyest the field of the hand of Naomi , thou must buy it also of Ruth the Moabitess , the wife of the dead , to raise up the name of the dead upon his inheritance .
you must stop dat dam racket !"
In addition , production machinery must in many cases be designed to handle with equal efficiency both natural fibers and the increasing number of synthetics , as well as blends .
If I could but see her again !-- But I must not propose it yet .
` One passage tries to transform multi-cultural education into a form of Orwellian thought control by telling teachers that children must be taught to acknowledge the positive aspects of homosexual and lesbian households , " she says .
Some of them must have realized what an ordeal the poor girl was going through , and they had set aside their disappointment in not seeing Dýsirýe and were giving encouragement to the beginner . 
When they had paid their tribute of politeness by curtsying to the lady of the house , they were permitted to mingle in the crowd , and take their share of the heat and inconvenience , to which their arrival must necessarily add .
John Major must have pondered that question several times in past months as various Cabinet ministers depended on his support after making curious decisions on public or private issues . 
Ants engaged in all three behaviors must be able to identify other nestmates and their current tasks ( as well as indicate to other ants their own nestmate status and current task ) , walk , navigate both within and outside of the nest , and of course switch tasks at appropriate times .
Your data must be woven into a logical , coherent case that combines to communicate your main theme and subsidiary points . 
Because these tales were not — as far as we know — collected in the Renaissance and because , like ballads and songs , they must have been subject to endless variation and mutual interference , we can not now know the Pedro de Urdemalas who endeared himself to the folk '' ( 218 ) .
As a general thing , therefore , you must first get fast to a whale , before any pitchpoling comes into play .
Sponsorship decisions that they face and must take because of their impecunity are based on a careful assessment of their impact upon their participants and their supporters .
The King looked anxiously at the White Rabbit , who said in a low voice , ' Your Majesty must cross - examine THIS witness .'
She hoped no one could have said to her , " How could you be so unfeeling to your father ?-- I must , I will tell you truths while I can ."
You must not judge of him , Miss Dashwood , from YOUR slight acquaintance .-- Poor Edward !-- His manners are certainly not the happiest in nature .-- But we are not all born , you know , with the same powers ,-- the same address .-- Poor fellow !-- to see him in a circle of strangers !-- to be sure it was pitiable enough !-- but upon my soul , I believe he has as good a heart as any in the kingdom ; and I declare and protest to you I never was so shocked in my life , as when it all burst forth .
A busy president , conversant with a problem and its ramifications and beset by pressures to meet deadlines , tends naturally to assume that others must be as familiar with a problem as he is .
" I must and will stop this shocking crime ," cried the Tolstoian , crimson in the face .
The villa must sleep ten at least .
" I rather hope to satisfy you both ," said Emma , " for I shall do all in my power to make them happy , which will be enough for Isabella ; and happiness must preclude false indulgence and physic ."
" I am glad ," said Lady Middleton to Lucy , " you are not going to finish poor little Annamaria ' s basket this evening ; for I am sure it must hurt your eyes to work filigree by candlelight .
no , indeed ; I must protest against any such idea .
But you know ," continued she , turning to the maid , " somebody must have done this , and I must know how it was done .
So we must first analyze our present institutions with respect to the effect of each on man's major needs .
Someone must have buried them when they were too frightened to hand them in to the police station .
You have every body dearest to you always at hand , I , probably , never shall again ; and therefore till I have outlived all my affections , a post - office , I think , must always have power to draw me out , in worse weather than to - day ."
She had imagined such difficulties of fortune to exist there as must prevent the marriage from being near at hand ; but she learned from Charles that , very recently , ( since Mary ' s last letter to herself ), Charles Hayter had been applied to by a friend to hold a living for a youth who could not possibly claim it under many years ; and that on the strength of his present income , with almost a certainty of something more permanent long before the term in question , the two families had consented to the young people ' s wishes , and that their marriage was likely to take place in a few months , quite as soon as Louisa ' s .
Even if you wo n't marry me , there must be others who love you .
The whole action must take no more than five seconds .
We must be corrective like a parent who yet loves the child he has chastised . 
Their migration must bring to Slorne a terrible longing for the land she was taken from . " 
" We must bolt , MacIan ," he said abruptly .
The weather soon improved enough for those to move who must move ; and Mr . Woodhouse having , as usual , tried to persuade his daughter to stay behind with all her children , was obliged to see the whole party set off , and return to his lamentations over the destiny of poor Isabella ;-- which poor Isabella , passing her life with those she doated on , full of their merits , blind to their faults , and always innocently busy , might have been a model of right feminine happiness .
And since the nose is the central and most conspicuous of the features ; and since it perhaps most modifies and finally controls their combined expression ; hence it would seem that its entire absence , as an external appendage , must very largely affect the countenance of the whale .
He feared there must be some decided involvement .
Though all things foule , would wear the brows of grace Yet Grace must still looke so
I am afraid you must have suffered from the shock , and the more from its not overpowering you at the time ."
The bread sauce is certainly a mammoth task and involves an entire morning 's work , as the breadcrumbs must be crumbled by hand . 
Emma must submit to stand second to Mrs . Elton , though she had always considered the ball as peculiarly for her .
It must be shortly knowne to him from England What is the issue of the businesse there
Oh , I see we must be good friends , just made for each other ; so come in -- no ceremony ."
" I ' ve no story , ma ' am , to tell , but as how mammy says he must go to the fair Monday fortnight , to be sold , if she can ' t get the two guineas for her rent ; and I should be main sorry to part with him , for I love him , and he loves me ; so I ' ll work for him , I will , all I can .
Dot guessed by the papery men lurking inside the walls that she must be ill . 
You could try adding a glass of white wine , an onion and a little celery and leek , if you must , but make sure that the court bouillon is cold before you start . 
" But we are not to set out yet ," said the servant ; " it is but four miles to Torre del Greco ; the sbirri ( officers of justice ) are summoned -- they are to go with us -- we must wait for them ."
However , you must be very honest when looking at your mare , because dubious mares breed dubious foals . 
To achieve this , students must be treated as adults , as are those in higher education . 
This exists simply because he must necessarily reveal aspects of a closed and somewhat secretive society to the outside if he is to pursue any ethnography at all . 
That must we also .
I had depended on her fortitude too far , and the blow was a severe one -- but had her marriage been happy , so young as I then was , a few months must have reconciled me to it , or at least I should not have now to lament it .
The barrister reacted to a situation created by the judge ; he felt that he must try to convey at once to the jury that his client was not being obstructive or reticent about disclosing a statement . 
" To a man of the well - known skill and valour of Monsieur de St . Eustache ," said the Professor solemnly , " it must be a matter of indifference which method is adopted , and our principal has strong reasons for demanding the longer encounter , reasons the delicacy of which prevent me from being explicit , but for the just and honourable nature of which I can --"
" I have never mentioned it to her , but of course she must ."
though we have suffered dreadfully , we are both quite well now , and as happy as we must always be in one another ' s love .
Defense lawyers , perhaps understandably , say that plaintiffs ' lawyers taking such an approach will have little success in pursuing their claims , though they add that the facts of each case must be looked at individually .
` I suppose I must have got confused. " -- The 84-year-old holidaymaker who journeyed 70 miles home forgetting he 'd left his wife in their broken-down car . 
When we say , then , that today , in our situation , the demand for demythologization must be accepted without condition , we are simply saying that at least this much of the liberal tradition is an enduring achievement .
Where the danger is not obvious , then the warning must indicate its nature in sufficient detail for the visitor to take reasonable care for his own safety . 
or these titles now Must we renounce , and , changing style , be called Princes of Hell ?
There must be a restriction in the deed to provide that the customer may not be charged more than the current market price for the oil , an obvious precaution , since the account is permanently wedded , just like with gas or electricity .
Ideas we must have , and we seek them everywhere .
Emma saw Mrs . Weston ' s surprize , and felt that it must be great , at an address which , in words and manner , was assuming to himself the right of first interest in her ; and as for herself , she was too much provoked and offended to have the power of directly saying any thing to the purpose .
Emma hoped it must rapidly work Harriet ' s cure ; but the sensations which could prompt such behaviour sunk them both very much .-- It was not to be doubted that poor Harriet ' s attachment had been an offering to conjugal unreserve , and her own share in the story , under a colouring the least favourable to her and the most soothing to him , had in all likelihood been given also .
For the finale of creme brulee --- the chef must quickly brown and harden a layer of sugar on top - she used a blowtorch that refused to light at first .
The editorial concerned legislative proposals to ease the tax burden on DuPont stockholders , in connection with the United States Supreme Court ruling that DuPont must divest itself of its extensive General Motors stock holdings .
Many cells , bacteria , and other microorganisms are transparent to visible light and must be stained for microscopic investigation .
A poet in love must be encouraged in both capacities , or neither .
` It must be really tough being chased by hordes of gorgeous women . " 
For till all ceases neither must you cease .
If the Union conceded this to them , the same right must be conceded to each remaining state whenever it saw fit to secede : This would destroy the federal balance between it and the states , and in the end sacrifice to the sovereignty of the states all the liberty the citizens had gained by their Union .
Mr . Frank Churchill , I must tell you my mother ' s spectacles have never been in fault since ; the rivet never came out again .
Must there no more be done ?
indeed , my scholastic qualifications were such that he , a college graduate himself , must envy me them .
It was not , I must confess , a very alluring prospect .
To the extent that a tale is twice told , its final author must be suspect , although plagiarism in an oral tradition is less a misdemeanor than the standard modus dicendi .
Many years later ( on August 3 , 1915 ) , Lucy Upton wrote Winslow's daughter soon to be graduated from Smith College : `` While I love botany which , after dabbling in for years , I studied according to the methods of that day exactly forty years ago in a summer school , it must be fascinating to take up zoology in the way you are doing .
I must make amends ," said he , laughing , " for my carelessness ; and as I threw away a guinea to - day , I must endeavour to save sixpence at least ?"
She must laugh at such a close !
She looked at her however , from time to time , anxiously ; and when the moment approached which must point him out , though not daring to look again ( for her own countenance she knew was unfit to be seen ), she was yet perfectly conscious of Lady Russell ' s eyes being turned exactly in the direction for him -- of her being , in short , intently observing him .
You must forgive me if I seem to dwell too much on her physical aspects but I am an artist , accustomed to studying the physical body .
" Nothing can be actually settled yet , perhaps ," replied Emma , smiling --" but , excuse me , it must be thought of ."
Alice replied , rather shyly , ' I -- I hardly know , sir , just at present -- at least I know who I WAS when I got up this morning , but I think I must have been changed several times since then .'
' Tis sweet and commendable In your Nature Hamlet , To giue these mourning duties to your Father : But you must know , your Father lost a Father , That Father lost , lost his , and the Suruiuer bound In filiall Obligation , for some terme To do obsequious Sorrow .
So the meaningfulness must be located elsewhere .
It must be noted , however , that it is by no means certain in the majority of examples that the lagoons may not contain considerable thicknesses of coral . 
He had spent his whole solitary evening in the room adjoining theirs ; had heard voices , mirth continually ; thought they must be a most delightful set of people , longed to be with them , but certainly without the smallest suspicion of his possessing the shadow of a right to introduce himself .
15 : 24 Forasmuch as we have heard , that certain which went out from us have troubled you with words , subverting your souls , saying , Ye must be circumcised , and keep the law : to whom we gave no such commandment : 15 : 25 It seemed good unto us , being assembled with one accord , to send chosen men unto you with our beloved Barnabas and Paul , 15 : 26 Men that have hazarded their lives for the name of our Lord Jesus Christ .
This letter must make its way to Emma ' s feelings .
Flora must get herself a job , he said , then she would not have to go to India . 
10 : 25 And Moses said , Thou must give us also sacrifices and burnt offerings , that we may sacrifice unto the LORD our God .
But I must say some of the American girls are slightly more polite …
I think heroic deeds were all conceiv ' d in the open air , and all free poems also , I think I could stop here myself and do miracles , I think whatever I shall meet on the road I shall like , and whoever beholds me shall like me , I think whoever I see must be happy .
He was one-eyed with a great purple birthmark across his face ; he must be the same fellow who had been closeted so secretly with Irvine at the Sea Barque in Leicester . 
` You and I must part .
I 'M sure there must be many people like me who have been troubled by telephone calls at ungodly hours which have turned out to be BT testing the lines . 
If there is anything which we can do in the executive branch of the Government to speed up the processes by which we come to decisions on matters on which we must act promptly , that in itself would be a major contribution to the conduct of our affairs .
Though in the course of his continual voyagings Ahab must often before have noticed a similar sight , yet , to any monomaniac man , the veriest trifles capriciously carry meanings .
Freed soil must be dispersed and protected against flocculation .
Yes , I immediately perceive that it must be the joint present of Mr . and Mrs . Dixon .
The men crying love poems in an orchard on any summer's night are as often as not the lutihaw , mustachioed toughs who spend most of their lives in and out of the local prisons , brothels , and teahouses .
This must not be ."
Smith insists Brugge are still a threat , but Rangers ' journey to Marseille in April appears to be the key to who meets AC Milan -- and surely it must be the Italians -- in the final . 
Do not wonder that I said to thee , `` You must be born again '' .
I must be the only artist who does a huge painting and then does the preparatory work afterwards . 
I do n't suffer from ex-hatred myself , assuming that my partner must prefer me to any of her previous lovers or else she would be with one of them .
Her swollen lips burned and she knew she must look a mess .
I must have partners !
` There must be a mighty uproar from commuter areas to end this threat to off-peak rail services . "
3 : 30 He must increase , but I must decrease .
" Well ," said she at last , trying to recover herself ; " this is a circumstance which I must think of at least half a day , before I can at all comprehend it .
Later , in southwestern Ghazni province , a bicycle loaded with explosives detonated in Ghazni city 's Mustofyet square , killing two police officers and wounding a bystander , according to provincial Police Chief Zerawar Zahid .
He punched his way through , tearing an opening in what must have been the thing 's gut ( for sinuous tubes were visible there , coils of transparent rubber that could only have been intestines ) . 
Nevertheless , they made naught of Marx's prophecy that capitalism would never pay the `` workers '' -- to use Marx's word -- more than a subsistence wage , with the consequence that increased productivity must inevitably find its way into the capitalists' pockets with the result , in turn , that the gap between the rich and the poor would irrevocably widen and the misery of the poor increase .
By thunder , men , we must do something or go for it .
" My dear Jane , what is this I hear ?-- Going to the post - office in the rain !-- This must not be , I assure you .-- You sad girl , how could you do such a thing ?-- It is a sign I was not there to take care of you ."
And in the way he carried his cane in one hand and his cigar in the other there was a certain attitude -- an attitude we must always remember when we talk of racial prejudices : something innocent and insolent -- the cake walk .
The Department of Agriculture averaged out U.S. food consumption last year at 1,488 lbs. per person , which , allowing for the 17 million Americans that John Kennedy said go to bed hungry every night , means that certain gluttons on the upper end must somehow down 8 lbs. or more a day .
If accounting reports are to be useful , therefore , we must define the users of those reports and the uses to which they put them . 
" We must face the fact " he said " that the mainland area is now controlled by the Chinese communist regime . " 
We must consider what leads young men -- it is predominantly young men -- to see crime as a better outlet for their abilities and energies than lawful activity .
It may also stipulate that the insured must pass another medical exam before renewal ; if you flunk -- which means you need insurance more than ever -- you may not be able to buy it .
In the course of the spring she must return their civilities by one very superior party -- in which her card - tables should be set out with their separate candles and unbroken packs in the true style -- and more waiters engaged for the evening than their own establishment could furnish , to carry round the refreshments at exactly the proper hour , and in the proper order .
This must be due to a completely identical response to the weather , in the plant and the animal .
We must be able to reach all youth and families interested in values-based programs .
Continually adepts are warned that they must not strain themselves or try to experience these unnatural things . 
How many times must I say it before it sinks in ? " 
The radius is calculated from the mass by assuming spheres of density Af except for the smallest particles , which must have a higher mass density to remain in the solar system in the presence of solar-radiation pressure .
` I thought they must have had a quarrel , " Brand said , and I had the impression he was n't heartbroken about it . " 
When we say that a mythological mode of thought must be completely abandoned , we mean it must be abandoned as the sole or proper means for presenting the Christian understanding of existence .
His opinion , however , made some little amends for his delay , for though acknowledging a very unexpected and unpleasant alteration in his patient , he would not allow the danger to be material , and talked of the relief which a fresh mode of treatment must procure , with a confidence which , in a lesser degree , was communicated to Elinor .
The victim of the threatening , abusive or insulting behaviour must believe that violence is imminent , since the section refers to ` immediate " unlawful violence .
You must disembark now .
The more I learn about the cost and inefficiencies of the current and future regulatory regime to which power generators will be subjected if we do not have new legislation , the more I am convinced that we can -- and must -- develop a smarter approach that protects the environment and public health while reducing the cost to consumers and industry and optimizing the size of both the state and federal government machinery necessary to achieve that protection .
` If those are tracks , " she said , ` imagine what the things themselves must be like . " 
Anyone who thinks Claire is sincere must have a brain smaller than a mouse dropping .
You must have heard him notice Mrs Clay ' s freckles ."
They must not do less than others , or she should be exposed to odious suspicions , and imagined capable of pitiful resentment .
Bildad laid down his book , and turning solemnly towards him said , " Captain Peleg , thou hast a generous heart ; but thou must consider the duty thou owest to the other owners of this ship -- widows and orphans , many of them -- and that if we too abundantly reward the labors of this young man , we may be taking the bread from those widows and those orphans .
On the whole , however , one must wonder at just what it is that forces a beloved artist to besmirch her own reputation as time marches inexorably on .
He began to tremble as he stepped through the door and looked up at the dim stairway which climbed steeply out of the bare and musty hall . 
with Harry Warren he did `` The Girl Friend Of The Whirling Dervish '' , `` Jeepers Creepers '' , and `` You Must Have Been A Beautiful Baby '' .
She felt that all compassion must have passed from Emilia with the emptying of her womb except for this last residue that smouldered in the promise she exacted now . 
War , then , war Open or understood , must be resolved ."
During the following months the School managed to carry on , but the atmosphere must have been one of great despondency . 
It must be frustrating to arrive at a police station after a hectic drive , only to find that ` the processes of investigation " necessitated a quick confession from the client . 
Old Mother Jacobsen would chuckle over this : ` How much wiser must I be than Odin , I who have neither eye ! " 
Secondly , the quality and quantity of Nizan 's output must be judged bearing in mind not only the ideological but also the practical implications of his membership of the French communist party during the 1930s .
but if justice for Bantus entails driving the government of the Union of South Africa away from the West , then the Bantus must be prepared to carry their identification cards yet a while longer .
He must show , on the balance of probabilities , both that he did not examine the article and that he entertained no suspicions about the nature of its contents . 
Sophy must write , and beg him to come to Bath .
The difficulty was that each day seemed to produce its quota of details which must be cleaned up immediately .
The Kindermuseum must be booked in advance and at present the tours are in Dutch only .
Perhaps he loues you now , And now no soyle nor cautell doth besmerch The vertue of his feare : but you must feare His greatnesse weigh ' d , his will is not his owne ; For hee himselfe is subiect to his Birth : Hee may not , as vnuallued persons doe , Carue for himselfe ; for , on his choyce depends The sanctity and health of the whole State .
The most important principle of insulin therapy in the insulin-dependent patient is that insulin must be given regularly to inhibit lipolysis and prevent ketosis . 
And we have to vacate this room in three months ' time because of the restoration work and the collection must be catalogued by then . 
The maid answered and he decided Nancy must be at work .
Writers of ads must get their inspiration from the attitude of `` modern '' parents they have observed .
So , after the sitting has been held , several readings at one time are mailed , and the distant sitter ( whose name or whose communicator's name was given to the medium ) must mark each little item as Correct ( Hit ) , Incorrect ( Miss ) , Doubtful , or Especially Significant ( applying to him and , he feels , not to anyone else ) .
"' Tis July ' s immortal Fourth ; all fountains must run wine today !
I must not quarrel with a spirit of forbearance which has been so richly extended towards myself ; but , otherwise , I should loudly protest against the share of it which that woman has known .-- ` Jane ,' indeed !-- You will observe that I have not yet indulged myself in calling her by that name , even to you .
But as to my _letting_ her marry Robert Martin , it is impossible ; she has refused him , and so decidedly , I think , as must prevent any second application .
Most professors in the course must , naturally , again have a higher degree than the course offers .
But by expressing his views in this way , Scott must have given his clients a clear indication of the type of building he wanted to build . 
Older men are usually polygynous ; thus a youth rarely has available for marriage an age-mate female , and he must wait for a younger generation of females to mature before cohabitation with them .
Benskins increased his rent by £6,000 last year and John is convinced they must have known then that leases policy . 
What is wrong , except ... thou shalt not make to thyself any graven image ; thou shalt not bow down to them nor serve them , for I ... but we must go and see how the poor young people are getting on ."
Seizures of cannabis and amphetamines were dropping as the hard drugs began to dominate the scene , but as far as amphetamines are concerned it must be remembered that the seizure figures relate only to illegal imports . 
I must state that the faster things happened , the slower they happened ; ;
If I must contend , said he , Best with the best , the sender , not the sent , Or all at once ; more glory will be won , Or less be lost .
We must beware of hysterical solutions to complex problems urged by people whose real motive is often hatred of industry and capitalism . 
then we must go ," said Frederick .
Sensitive Sunday 's a time when you must tune into the needs and longings of loved ones . 
He was wholly against eroticism in art and literature , and thought that , in the event of any conflict , aesthetic value must yield to morality .
actually resolve to break with him entirely !-- She felt the engagement to be a source of repentance and misery to each -- she dissolved it .-- What a view this gives of her sense of his behaviour !-- Well , he must be a most extraordinary --"
I 'm apt to chatter on about nothing , and I must say it was nice to have someone to talk to , like I said . " 
Knowledge by a bird of a sibling 's appearance must necessarily be an imperfect guide to what a first-cousin will look like . 
In the national interest even the affluent universities must consider some division of labor among them to replace their present ambitions to keep up with the Joneses in all branches .
They must speak of the accident at Lyme .
All the initial keywords are compulsory with the exception of FOREIGN-SET-IS which must be omitted if the module type is not foreign .
Whether you are visiting and inspecting the place , or attached to it as some kind of permanent legal adviser , your opinion must still ----"
We must realize with Prof. Charles Morris in his The Open Self that `` Man is the being that can continually remake himself , the artisan that is himself the material for his own creation '' .
It must be her ardent wish that Harriet might be disappointed ; and she hoped , that when able to see them together again , she might at least be able to ascertain what the chances for it were .-- She should see them henceforward with the closest observance ; and wretchedly as she had hitherto misunderstood even those she was watching , she did not know how to admit that she could be blinded here .-- He was expected back every day .
My sister-in-law answered , so quickly that she must have been right beside the telephone .
Both sides agreed that the theater must stand a moral test , but they could not agree on whether the poets were a good or a bad influence .
St Jovite 's trainer Jim Bolger was n't disappointed ; ` It was a super race and you must expect it hard against horses as good as this . " 
He must be careful not to follow any ` red herrings " that will result in him classifying his fossil on the basis of ambiguous similarities . 
The door was locked ; he must have gone up the chimney , out upon the leads , and so escaped ; but Christopher is after him .
If the reserve components are to serve effectively in time of war , their basic organization and objectives must conform to the changing character and missions of the active forces .
Therefore , the sixth principle of the plan must be that it concentrate on current measures which will reduce future force requirements .
The recent shortage at auction of outstanding examples of Victorian painting is put down to vendors ' unfounded fears that prices for even the best must have suffered . 
To the average American , this must sound like an incredible tale from a Saturday night TV movie .
" We must break away from him here ," he cried , briefly , and went like a whirlwind over the sand ridge in a straight line and at a particular angle .
It was a long , long , long way down to the ground , and it certainly looked as if such a little fellow as Chatterer must be killed .
I must go and comfort mama .
A proposed loan must be for sound purposes or sufficiently secured so as to assure a reasonable chance of repayment .
We really must wish you good night ."
Bearing in mind that this fish consumes large amounts of vegetation in the wild , you must reconcile yourself to a plantless tank , unless you like the plastic variety . 
But , my dear , we must touch up the Colonel to do some thing to the parsonage , and make it comfortable for them , before Lucy goes to it ."
`` You must have been good at history at school .
A single woman , with a very narrow income , must be a ridiculous , disagreeable old maid !
3 The sun and stars that float in the open air , The apple - shaped earth and we upon it , surely the drift of them is something grand , I do not know what it is except that it is grand , and that it is happiness , And that the enclosing purport of us here is not a speculation or bon - mot or reconnoissance , And that it is not something which by luck may turn out well for us , and without luck must be a failure for us , And not something which may yet be retracted in a certain contingency .
` I must admit the squirrels were hard work . " 
His marriage must still be a distant good ;-- at least , I am afraid it cannot take place very soon .--"
Those trapped in the crush at Hillsborough who were fortunate enough to escape without injury have no claim in respect of the distress they suffered in what must have been a truly terrifying experience . 
Nor thou his malice and false guile contemn ; Subtle he needs must be , who could seduce Angels ; nor think superfluous other ' s aid .
We must make certain that the aircraft is finished before we give the entire job to the missile .
23 : 6 But the sons of Belial shall be all of them as thorns thrust away , because they cannot be taken with hands : 23 : 7 But the man that shall touch them must be fenced with iron and the staff of a spear ; and they shall be utterly burned with fire in the same place .
We must not be nice and ask for all the virtues into the bargain .
As a free society we must have a justice system that is fair , accessible and responsible to the citizen .
Hanoverian agents assisted in promoting circulation , said to have reached 40,000 , and if one may judge by the reaction of Swift and other government writers , the work must have had considerable impact .
Were it possible , she must say it must be Edward .
We must use common sense in applying conditions
Rain could try and get some answers from Barbara Coleman when they held their whispered conversation before Chagall 's windows , but she must make up her own mind about Maurin 's character . 
They are good - natured people , and think little of their own claims ; but still they must feel that any body ' s hurrying away is no great compliment ; and Miss Woodhouse ' s doing it would be more thought of than any other person ' s in the room .
If there is heavy rain , the spillways must be enlarged to allow the floodwater to escape before the dam bursts . 
He ignored her words and continued to squeeze her arm until she thought that soon the bones must crunch together and splinter under the pressure of his fingers . 
I was slightly worried , I must admit , that he would knife me . 
The sound of my hammering must waken them ; so I may as well do the thing handsomely , and flatter some of them by pretending to ask their advice ."
That time is now past and the Atlantic nations , if they are to survive , must develop a full-fledged community , and they must also look beyond the frontiers of `` Western civilization '' toward a world-wide `` concert of free nations '' .
Now , though such great bodies are at times encountered , yet , as must have been seen , even at the present day , small detached bands are occasionally observed , embracing from twenty to fifty individuals each .
The consciousness of having done amiss , had exposed her to a thousand inquietudes , and made her captious and irritable to a degree that must have been -- that had been -- hard for him to bear .
To establish an emotionally meaningful relationship the worker must demonstrate actual or potential helpfulness immediately , preferably within the first interview , by meeting the client's specific needs .
As the work progresses the frame and moving parts become a sort of Chinese puzzle where several pieces must be removed before the part you are working on is accessible .
The cars must have had their gas pedals pushed down to the floor boards .
Indeed her adoration of him must have been a balm to his feelings of hurt and rejection because his attitude to her had become distinctly warmer of late . 
Moreover , if Af and Af are two planes intersecting in a line l , tangent to Q at a point P , the two free intersections of the image curves Af and Af must coincide at P' , the image of P , and at this point Af and Af must have a common tangent l' .
That this must be the explanation for Kammerer 's disturbing results is attested to by the discovery of a wild midwife toad with rudimentary nuptial pads as much as two years before Kammerer took his own life . 
Thus to those conservatives who , arguing against the ordination of women , contend that Jesus ordained no ` priestesses " , it must be said that neither did he ordain any priests ! 
` Well , Daddy 's phoned the police , and they 're going to question the gipsies , so we must wait patiently until we hear from them , " said her mummy . 
The People 's Will , their most effective organization , drew the conclusion that the supreme goal must be to shake the regime by assassinating the tsar . 
Communist political warfare , we must remember , is waged insidiously and in deliberate stages .
You must think wretchedly indeed of Willoughby , if , after all that has openly passed between them , you can doubt the nature of the terms on which they are together .
A macroeconomic model by its very nature must be highly simplified since its purpose is to simulate what is happening in the economy as a whole .
" To be sure ," continued Lucy , after a few minutes silence on both sides , " his mother must provide for him sometime or other ; but poor Edward is so cast down by it !
Was not she like a daughter , his eldest daughter ?-- he must tell her ; and Miss Bates being present , it passed , of course , to Mrs . Cole , Mrs . Perry , and Mrs . Elton , immediately afterwards .
Those modern scholars who urge that we must keep in mind the fundamental continuity of Aegean development from earliest times -- granted occasional irruptions of peoples and ideas from outside -- are correct ; ;
The salt must be rubbed or soaked into the meat to preserve it . 
The vacancy must be filled within three days , and for those three days Aunt Louise berated me almost without pause . 
They were silent for a moment , Rachel trying to contemplate what it must be like to be entirely alone in the world , then , as a sudden thought hit her she glanced up . 
They haue tied me to a stake , I cannot flye , But Beare - like I must fight the course .
` We must see you get some decent food or it 'll be a waste of time paying you a wage . " 
Be gone , Runne to your houses , fall vpon your knees , Pray to the Gods to intermit the plague That needs must light on this Ingratitude
While she talked of his son , Mr . Weston ' s attention was chained ; but when she got to Maple Grove , he could recollect that there were ladies just arriving to be attended to , and with happy smiles must hurry away .
Lowa must rank as one of the smallest ski boot manufacturers in Europe and have produced some fairly dull products over the years .
For I too raising my voice join the ranks of this pageant , I am the chanter , I chant aloud over the pageant , I chant the world on my Western sea , I chant copious the islands beyond , thick as stars in the sky , I chant the new empire grander than any before , as in a vision it comes to me , I chant America the mistress , I chant a greater supremacy , I chant projected a thousand blooming cities yet in time on those groups of sea - islands , My sail - ships and steam - ships threading the archipelagoes , My stars and stripes fluttering in the wind , Commerce opening , the sleep of ages having done its work , races reborn , refresh ' d , Lives , works resumed -- the object I know not -- but the old , the Asiatic renew ' d as it must be , Commencing from this day surrounded by the world .
You must be very much altered indeed since we parted , if that could be the case , and you not there .
I think you must have imagined it ."
It was beginning to rain again , and altogether there was a delay , and a bustle , and a talking , which must make all the little crowd in the shop understand that Lady Dalrymple was calling to convey Miss Elliot .
` I really must be going to Matey , Dr Neil . 
The answer must be ` not a great deal " ; for none of the portents of success are immediately apparent . 
HARRISON Ford must have wished for a second take during a speech in London to promote his new film , The Fugitive , based on the hit 1960 television series starring David Janssen . 
Although they are employed to a much greater extent than the rest of the percussion , it must be realized that their effectiveness largely depends on a sparing use of them . 
" You may be right ," he said at last ; " if you are , I must tell her ."
Oh , I ' m indifferent enough , sir , for that ; but the reason why the grave - digger made music must have been because there was none in his spade , sir .
It has become almost trite to say that the ecumenical movement must be `` carried down to the grass roots '' .
In this new life which had been thrust upon her , she felt that she must surround herself with a little group of servants whom she knew to be loyal to her . 
For answers to such questions we must turn to the anthropologists , the biologists , the historians , the psychologists , and the sociologists .
Her plan of sitting with Lady Russell must give way for the present .
" He must be far beyond trace now , I fear ," he said .
To permit the storage of food for long periods of time , a method of preservation must accomplish the destruction of microorganisms and inhibition of enzymatic action .
For Michael Nader , sexy Dex Dexter of TV 's Dynasty , it was a nightmare in which he saw his own death that convinced him he must break the cocaine habit . 
" My dearest child ," said her mother , laughing , " at this rate you must be in continual terror of MY decay ; and it must seem to you a miracle that my life has been extended to the advanced age of forty ."
Robyn smiled to herself as she charged down the motorway and imagined how she must look in such a battered , ramshackle old thing . 
In training for youth , the child must be given reasons ; in the training of the infant for childhood this can not be done . 
" Mr . Knightley I declare !-- I must speak to him if possible , just to thank him .
24 : 6 He is not here , but is risen : remember how he spake unto you when he was yet in Galilee , 24 : 7 Saying , The Son of man must be delivered into the hands of sinful men , and be crucified , and the third day rise again .
I suppose I must at least be civil to the Danish envoys , and offer them some entertainment . 
" And so it is , I must allow ," said Carlo , measuring the outside of it with the carpenter ' s rule which he held in his hand .
His mother says : ` Why , oh why , must they put these poisonous berries in colours so tempting to children ?
Euery one that do ' s so , is a Traitor , And must be hang ' d
said Mrs . Tattle , in a more complacent tone , " the boy takes me for Miss Bertha Eden , I perceive "; and , flattered to be taken in the dark by a chimney - sweeper for a young and handsome lady , Mrs . Theresa laughed , and informed him " that they had mistaken the room ; and they must go up another pair of stairs , and turn to the left ."
As seen in the B. family , there must be an attempt to help the client develop conscious awareness of the problem , especially in the absence of a formal request for assistance .
If you are considering a part-time farm where the water must be provided by a well , find out if there is a good well on the farm or the probable cost of having one drilled .
It seems to allow that , although we must begin and end with appearances , we might find it possible and advantageous in doing so to interpose conjectures about their hidden causes . 
That means that , if we are to achieve a new standard of leadership , we must think in terms of the total context of our situation .
But as the mind does not exist unless leagued with the soul , therefore it must have been that , in Ahab ' s case , yielding up all his thoughts and fancies to his one supreme purpose ; that purpose , by its own sheer inveteracy of will , forced itself against gods and devils into a kind of self - assumed , independent being of its own .
Captain Wentworth was on the watch for them , and a chaise and four in waiting , stationed for their convenience in the lowest part of the street ; but his evident surprise and vexation at the substitution of one sister for the other , the change in his countenance , the astonishment , the expressions begun and suppressed , with which Charles was listened to , made but a mortifying reception of Anne ; or must at least convince her that she was valued only as she could be useful to Louisa .
During my researches in the Leviathanic histories , I stumbled upon an ancient Dutch volume , which , by the musty whaling smell of it , I knew must be about whalers .
He watched her climb on to the chair , and she saw him grin at the sight of her sore rump , which she thought must burn as brightly as any beacon . 
There must also be the motivation to take advantage of these factors .
Aristotle believed that strict determinism must be rejected because it destroys the natural basis for distinguishing between voluntary and involuntary actions . 
It must be wonderful , watching the world float by while you eat lobster and drink champagne . 
Otherwise , special care must be taken to branch around them so that the program will not attempt to execute something in a data area as an instruction .
It was not merely complaisance , it must be a liking to the cause , which made him enter warmly into her father and sister ' s solicitudes on a subject which she thought unworthy to excite them .
` And you must remember that this aunt of mine is a much respected figure in the community . 
She was his object , and every body must perceive it .
It must not be supposed that Dr Hood ' s apartments excluded luxury , or even poetry .
14 : 14 For we must needs die , and are as water spilt on the ground , which cannot be gathered up again ; neither doth God respect any person : yet doth he devise means , that his banished be not expelled from him .
` Well , assuming he did n't put himself there , which is unlikely since we know what you found at the flat , someone must have carried him there , " Tracey replied .
With a foreign car you must wear a cap -- it has a leather band in the back .
You and I must positively exert our authority ."
Miss Hawkins was the youngest of the two daughters of a Bristol -- merchant , of course , he must be called ; but , as the whole of the profits of his mercantile life appeared so very moderate , it was not unfair to guess the dignity of his line of trade had been very moderate also .
Poor thing , she must be having a rotten time just now . 
" Well , if there is ," said Bull impatiently , " it must be something else -- a sham fight or the mayor ' s birthday or something .
If men must naturally write only of men , and women only of women , then feminism and femininity become the only natural subjects for women writers and reporters .
He was astonished , indeed , but his character and general conduct must refute it .
I lay there dismally calculating that sixteen entire hours must elapse before I could hope for a resurrection .
I must however caution that financial and other constraints compel us to plan more conservatively than I imagine you would wish . 
The timing must be very precise .
How directly , how strongly had he expressed himself to her on the subject !-- Not too strongly for the offence -- but far , far too strongly to issue from any feeling softer than upright justice and clear - sighted goodwill .-- She had no hope , nothing to deserve the name of hope , that he could have that sort of affection for herself which was now in question ; but there was a hope ( at times a slight one , at times much stronger ,) that Harriet might have deceived herself , and be overrating his regard for _her_ .-- Wish it she must , for his sake -- be the consequence nothing to herself , but his remaining single all his life .
" Then I will keep a place for you , next to me ; but you must make haste , or you will have to come in when we have all sat down to supper , and then you will be so stared at !
What has it been but a system of hypocrisy and deceit ,-- espionage , and treachery ?-- To come among us with professions of openness and simplicity ; and such a league in secret to judge us all !-- Here have we been , the whole winter and spring , completely duped , fancying ourselves all on an equal footing of truth and honour , with two people in the midst of us who may have been carrying round , comparing and sitting in judgment on sentiments and words that were never meant for both to hear .-- They must take the consequence , if they have heard each other spoken of in a way not perfectly agreeable !"
From thence it is the storm of God ' s quick wrath is first descried , and the bow must bear the earliest brunt .
We must see , Jem , and keep him fat ."
Aye , sir ; he must have the white heat for this kind of fine work .
Mercer is supposed to have refused it with , `` Anyone who wears a square monacle must be affected '' ! !
They must take a realistic view and look objectively when deciding which movements will best describe individuality . 
To produce a mighty book , you must choose a mighty theme .
But are not some whole , that we must make sicke ?
Not a stone must be added to its walls , not an inch to its size , if my feelings are regarded ."
All three must compare notes and agree to `` go '' .
It must be understood that engagement in those days was a very serious matter which involved a written contract of intent to marry and needed legal consent if the engagement was to be broken off .
At that stage , Sunderland were good value for the lead and Mr Crosby must have been a contented man . 
First , it argues that its capital base must be increased in order to maintain its size relative to world financial markets , for which it feels some responsibility .
Ignorant me only knows of a Paris ` Conservatoire " , but I presume there must be such an august institution nearer to hand ( and foot ) . 
" But ," continued Lawrence , " you know Monday is the great Bristol fair , and one must be merry then , of all the days in the year ."
Already exhausted from her night 's activities , she was also acutely aware that she must give no sign of tiredness for fear of arousing suspicion . 
He did justice to his very gentlemanlike appearance , his air of elegance and fashion , his good shaped face , his sensible eye ; but , at the same time , " must lament his being very much under - hung , a defect which time seemed to have increased ; nor could he pretend to say that ten years had not altered almost every feature for the worse .
Some change of countenance was necessary for each gentleman as they walked into Mrs . Weston ' s drawing - room ;-- Mr . Elton must compose his joyous looks , and Mr . John Knightley disperse his ill - humour .
Man's life , originally shaped for immortality and for communion with God , must now be conformed to the shape of death .
That must have been the one , unless he made a habit of going through mock marriages . " 
Long enough have you dream ' d contemptible dreams , Now I wash the gum from your eyes , You must habit yourself to the dazzle of the light and of every moment of your life .
`` We must solve the problems which have forced these people to depend upon ADC for subsistence '' , Martin said .
Anticipated entry must be probable , rapid , and sufficient to counteract these effects . 
But I thought I would just tell you of this , because I knew how much it must please you .
` I must n't keep rattling on like this ! " 
Once she felt that he was looking at herself , observing her altered features , perhaps , trying to trace in them the ruins of the face which had once charmed him ; and once she knew that he must have spoken of her ; she was hardly aware of it , till she heard the answer ; but then she was sure of his having asked his partner whether Miss Elliot never danced ?
I must say the figure was well made up .
If your state has no provisions for the numbering of pleasure boats , you must apply for a number from the U.S. Coast Guard for any kind of boat with mechanical propulsion rated at more than 10 horsepower before it can be used on Federal waterways .
Poor dear Jane was talking of it just now .-- ` You must go ,' said she .
" The little figs I like best are the fat , ripe , juicy ones that drop off when the breeze blows ; and then the wind blows them about on the ground , this way and that ; the great heap of figs over there is so still that I think they must be all bad figs ."
Moreover : we are to consider , that from the presumed great longevity of whales , their probably attaining the age of a century and more , therefore at any one period of time , several distinct adult generations must be contemporary .
Thould ' st haue , great Glamys , that which cryes , Thus thou must doe , if thou haue it ; And that which rather thou do ' st feare to doe , Then wishest should be vndone .
" You mustn ' t be too hard on them ," said Father Brown gently .
If the soul 's fate was indeed predetermined , it followed that all human endeavour to bring about its salvation must necessarily be in vain . 
The presiding officer must decide , when a person tries to vote , if he is suffering from mental illness , is subnormal , intoxicated and so lacks the capacity to understand what he is doing .
And upon looking over his letters and things , she found it was so , and is perfectly sure that this must be the very man , and her head is quite full of it , and of poor Richard !
They must not over - salt the leg ; and then , if it is not over - salted , and if it is very thoroughly boiled , just as Serle boils ours , and eaten very moderately of , with a boiled turnip , and a little carrot or parsnip , I do not consider it unwholesome ."
Emma must do Harriet good : and by supplying her with a new object of interest , Harriet may be said to do Emma good .
His murder lust is there to be used when danger threatens but it must be controlled and used wisely . 
This leader must be a man who lives above illusions that heretofore have shaped the foreign policy of the United States , namely that Russia will agree to a reunited Germany , that the East German government does not exist , that events in Japan in June 1960 were Communist-inspired , that the true government of China is in Formosa , that Mao was the evil influence behind Khrushchev at the Summit Conference in Paris in May 1960 , and that either China or Russia wants or expects war .
to escape this fate , it must rule some things out .
I sure , this is most braue , That I , the Sonne of the Deere murthered , Prompted to my Reuenge by Heauen , and Hell , Must ( like a Whore ) vnpacke my heart with words , And fall a Cursing like a very Drab .
In his recognition of his impersonal self the dancer moves , and this self , in the `` first revealed stroke of its existence '' , states the theme from which all else must follow .
One prediction of many of these schemes is that the proton must be unstable , decaying eventually to electrons and protons .
This is precisely what makes lucid , straightforward music so difficult to compose -- the clarity must be new , not old '' .
The allusion must mystify younger readers . 
Seed must be gathered from freshly ripened seed pods .
I must see them -- send after them ."
This is reflected in the rule that statements by the accused to be admissible must have been made voluntarily. 
You must lie quiet and stop overtaxing your strength -- then you will be better in no time . "
Included as a minimum are the costs of metering and billing along with whatever other expenses the company must incur in taking on another consumer .
Even Wormwood Scrubs must have more to offer , thought Henry as he rattled the coffee machine on the third floor , than Harris , Harris and Overdene . 
The kangaroo court decided the punishment must fit the crime and ruled that he stay in his cell during the jailhouse comedy . 
He is treasured here , an unexpected , living artifact whose presence spices up the museum 's displays of musty uniforms , photos and a kamikaze 's shredded airplane frame dredged from the sea .
The farmer's life must be arranged to meet the demands of crops and livestock .
I shall not sleep , she told herself , I must not sleep , and shivered in her nightdress on the edge of the single bed , afraid to reach up to the hook for her dressing gown . 
I must have felt immediately after that it was a mere leap of unreasonable nerves ; for the man was only a dark dot in the distance , and I could only just see that he was standing quite still and gazing , with his head a little on one side .
I say , we ' d better all be flogged at once , which must be the end of it sooner or later , than wait here to be without dinner , breakfast , and supper , all only because Mr . Archer won ' t give up because of his honour and nonsense !"
Beare with me , My heart is in the Coffin there with Caesar , And I must pawse , till it come backe to me
` Being called at an inconvenient time by an insensitive caller who assumes that since you 've answered the phone it must be convenient to talk " . 
We must be confident . 
" It is now , now , now that I must nail your blaspheming body to the earth -- now , now that I must avenge Our Lady on her vile slanderer .
" My dear sir , at your age , must you ask your papa and mamma about such things ?"
" If Parkinson did it with that pantomime spear ," said Butler , " he must have thrust from four yards away .
All dressing ( undressing to be more exact ) must be done in our small bath house or at the swimmers' homes .
We must all sit down with our hands before us -- all for ' GOOD REASONS ' of Dr . Middleton ' s , which he does not vouchsafe to tell us ."
Asked by the townsmen to cease his suit , Greville had answered that `` hytt shulde coste hym 500 first & sayed it must be tried ether before my Lorde Anderson in the countrey or his uncle Ffortescue in the exchequer with whom he colde more prevaile then we '' .
He called for a few moments , just to leave a piece of paper on the table containing , as he said , a charade , which a friend of his had addressed to a young lady , the object of his admiration , but which , from his manner , Emma was immediately convinced must be his own .
The latter , stripped of their powers to assume parental rights or to demand notice of a child 's removal from ` accommodation " , must work on the basis of negotiation and voluntary agreement . 
When had his influence , such influence begun ?-- When had he succeeded to that place in her affection , which Frank Churchill had once , for a short period , occupied ?-- She looked back ; she compared the two -- compared them , as they had always stood in her estimation , from the time of the latter ' s becoming known to her -- and as they must at any time have been compared by her , had it -- oh !
We can comfort ourselves in the knowledge that death must have supervened very quickly . 
To anyone with the requisite classical training … this must be a delightful Easter holiday … shared with kindred spirits . ’ 
However , this does not mean that a child's teeth or jaws must necessarily resemble those of someone in his family .
To preclude a charge from being a floating charge , the restriction must substantially deprive the company of the power to deal with its assets in the normal course of business .
I must commend you on your excellent History of the world ( NI 196 ) . 
no , that must have been quite accidental .
Doctors should be advised , they must inform patients about side effects and dangers . 
If we are to understand the feeding habits of the species , therefore , we must consider it in relation to the whole ecology of the species , and its relations to other species . 
The banks or river walls must be scanned for obscure discharge points . 
There is no explanation of terms nor a qualification that most such revolts have been dealt with by force -- only a bald dogmatism that they must , because of some undefined compulsion , be so repelled .
When Sir John returned , he joined most heartily in the general regret on so unfortunate an event ; concluding however by observing , that as they were all got together , they must do something by way of being happy ; and after some consultation it was agreed , that although happiness could only be enjoyed at Whitwell , they might procure a tolerable composure of mind by driving about the country .
They are destalked and pulped with a light press which produces ninety per cent of the must ( juice ) . 
" Call at the bookseller ' s in -- stay , I must write down the direction .
But first of all , there must be an answer written to Mrs .
Remember , you must be at the gates by six o ' clock ."
By general agreement and city ordinance , all buildings must be faced with Jerusalem limestone , giving the city 's different worlds an architectural unity and tying the city in a special way to the land on which it rests .
For a moment , he reminded Melissa of Lou in his haste to defend a loved one , but she had seen how his knuckles whitened on hearing the story and guessed what he must be thinking .
That is , we must find Saxons in East Anglia , Kent , Sussex and Hampshire in the last half of the fourth century .
A plan must therefore be brought up to date periodically , possibly with the assistance of a permanent planning officer .
` We have to submit our plans for a national scheme to the EC Commission by July 1994 and it must be operational by January 1995 .
Everything must go on as before , she insisted . 
3 : 11 Even so must their wives be grave , not slanderers , sober , faithful in all things .
This is a point which you must settle with your feelings ."
He begged her pardon , but she must be applied to , to explain Italian again .
As S approaches T the square will be outside C and therefore both Af and Af must cross C an odd number of times as S varies from zero to T .
cried Jem , swallowing the last mouthful hastily , as if he thought he had been too long at supper --" and now for the great needle ; I must see and mend Lightfoot ' s bridle afore I go to bed ."
Foreign policy now takes on a different perspective and must become skilled not merely at response but also at projection .
Must be an awful job , I always think , being a guard . 
Once the U. S. sets a withdrawal date , the Sunni-led guerrillas know how long they must hang on before American troops are gone , the administration has argued .
Performance measurement ( principle IV ) and information management human capital development ( principle VI ) are two areas that private , state , and federal CIOs all agreed must be addressed in order for the CIO and the supporting organization to be successful .
The pretty coeds must have ogled him all day long -- but he dutifully kept his eye on the gravy .
The grammatical description of each occurrence in the text must be retrieved from the dictionary to permit such an analysis .
They had their great cousins , to be sure , to resort to for comfort ; but they must long feel that to flatter and follow others , without being flattered and followed in turn , is but a state of half enjoyment .
`` There must be some water under there '' .
Seeing now that but a very few moments more would give the Pequod ' s boats the advantage , and rather than be thus foiled of his game , Derick chose to hazard what to him must have seemed a most unusually long dart , ere the last chance would for ever escape .
So without least impulse or shadow of fate , Or aught by me immutably foreseen , They trespass , authors to themselves in all Both what they judge , and what they choose ; for so I form ' d them free : and free they must remain , Till they enthrall themselves ; I else must change Their nature , and revoke the high decree Unchangeable , eternal , which ordain ' d $ THeir freedom : they themselves ordain ' d their fall .
28 : 10 For precept must be upon precept , precept upon precept ; line upon line , line upon line ; here a little , and there a little : 28 : 11 For with stammering lips and another tongue will he speak to this people .
I must love him ; and now that I am satisfied on one point , the one material point , I am sincerely anxious for its all turning out well , and ready to hope that it may .
Or must it become law by amendment of the United States Constitution ? ?
He must think about which of these principles must take precedence .
You must allow for an injured , angry woman .
` Well ,' said she , ` it must be borne some time or other , and it may as well be now .'
But this time his confidence seemed so genuine , so unevasive , that I must admit I felt my throat tighten . 
However , if an express agreement is required , how it is to be given must be determined .
` I 'm sure you understand that I must feel absolutely certain that you would n't share our secret -- with anyone , " he explained to her . 
Presumably , if the reverse is the case and the good effect is more certain than the evil result that may be forthcoming , not only must the good and the evil be prudentially weighed and found proportionate , but also calculation of the probabilities and of the degree of certainty or uncertainty in the good or evil effect must be taken into account .
I ' m quite clear in my own judgment , that Mr . Corkscrew must have been out last night after I went to bed ; for , besides the japanned candlestick , which of itself I ' m sure is strong enough to hang a man , there ' s another circumstance , ma ' am , that certifies it to me -- though I have not mentioned it , ma ' am , to no one yet ," lowering her voice --" Franklin , when I questioned him , told me , that he left the lantern in the outside porch in the court last night , and this morning it was on the kitchen table .
We must now show that on some component of the graph there exist two points for which the corresponding diagonal points in the C-plane are on opposite sides of C .
the grapes are crushed and the juice ( or must ) and skins go into the fermentation vat . 
Isabelle must have left a legacy of frightening bitterness behind her in this place in order to set off a reaction like that . 
Requests must be mailed in by December 5 .
There you are , she must really be an awful person , even to think such things . 
Things must come to a crisis soon now .
` If you must go , my dear ,' said I , ` you must , and I will say you are laid down upon the bed .'"
It must be bolted on the inside .
` That must be it ! " they said with one voice , and hurried forward . 
At times in the past there must have been tenderness between the members of this family ; the old lady had conceived and given birth to two children , nursed them and watched them grow into adult life . 
The orphans , conscious of their own innocence , took no pains about the matter ; and the consequence was , that all who knew them well had no doubt of their honesty ; but many , who knew nothing of them , concluded that the agent must be in the right and the children in the wrong .
The predator must become a repentant steward . 
You are my seconds , and everything must come from you .
It was a gentleman ' s carriage , a curricle , but only coming round from the stable - yard to the front door ; somebody must be going away .
You must not stay sleeping and dallying there in the house , though you built it , or though it has been built for you .
" She must make up the garlands ; and she shall be Queen of the May !"
It must be understood that the wondrous scores previously recorded are not entirely typical of the play as a whole , and that not each member of the team was a specialist in his field . 
The idea here is one of discharge but this must stand in opposition to a second view , Plato's notion of the arousal of emotion .
Anne had never seen her father and sister before in contact with nobility , and she must acknowledge herself disappointed .
` My players must class the replay as the most important game of the season and ignore the Rumbelows Cup and the promotion race . 
It must , if I were not here .
Thus , there has come into being a situation in which the state must raise all of its own revenues and , in addition , must give assistance to its local governments .
But programs in individual computers must be revised in order to work with that system .
We must always remember what people will have to pay . 
We must believe we have the ability to affect our own destinies : otherwise why try anything ? ?
The girls exchanged nervous glances , thinking that it must be Miss Hardbroom come to reprimand them for being out of bed . 
But these are not precise antonyms , and it must be borne in mind that the purpose of the use of the word is to stigmatise certain types of behaviour as criminal . 
But he emphasized that the agency must train people within its own employ to fulfill what Field handles , and he said he personally `` regrets very much that the agency has not done this in the past '' .
Richard was engaged on what must often have appeared to him to be a bewildering balancing act . 
" I must get his linen ready for him .
In other words , you must try to interact with your text , as in a dialogue between people . 
To do this we must first show that every line which meets **zg in a point P meets its image at P .
In the tradition of Wilfrid , he seems to have taught the men of Lewes and Bramber how to fish ( they must have been very forgetful ) , or at least blessed their nets . 
Should he decide to open the envelope it must be on the condition that he will never divulge its contents to any other living person . " 
` The woman that you love must be wonderful . 
I must confess it is a recommendation to me .
It is a beautiful moonlight night ; and so mild that I must draw back from your great fire ."
Right : With an unusual hoop-back Regency design , the Greenwich armchair from Barnsley House 's Winterthur collection is a must for those looking for sturdy yet stylish garden furniture . 
This time Sausage accompanied her , and as she set off with the the two small boys and their three dogs , Korah , Dathan and Abiram , she reflected that they must look rather like a circus . 
Marty knew how the Union soldiers must have felt at Chancellorsville and Antietam and Gettysburg when the ragged gray ranks charged at them , screaming the wild banshee howl they called the Rebel yell .
After laying out for some compliments of being deeply regretted in their old neighbourhood , which Anne could not pay , they had only a few faint enquiries to make , before the talk must be all their own .
I must do THIS justice to Mr . Willoughby -- he has broken no positive engagement with my sister ."
The pain of his continued residence in Highbury , however , must certainly be lessened by his marriage .
Not all the observers have used the same procedures or made the same assumptions about the lunar brightness distribution when reducing the data , and this , together with differences in the methods of calibrating the antennae and receivers , must account for much of the disagreement in the measured radio brightness temperatures .
I think it must be said that , contrary to metaphysical insistence , these are questions so framed as to defy either empirical exploration or rational solutions .
` You must worry like hell at times . " 
She could only give him a look ; but it was such a look as she thought must restore him to his senses , and then left the sofa , removing to a seat by her sister , and giving her all her attention .
The Frogs in a certain swamp decided that they needed a king ; they had always got along perfectly well without one , but they suddenly made up their minds that a king they must have .
it must be Lucien .
But this accident must be something far more serious , because all the nursery maids were crying , and so , when she looked through the bannisters on her way to bed , were the servants downstairs . 
' What a number of cucumber - frames there must be !'
3 : 4 Yet there shall be a space between you and it , about two thousand cubits by measure : come not near unto it , that ye may know the way by which ye must go : for ye have not passed this way heretofore .
Thus , providers of services must be more highly trained in sales technique and sales negotiation forms an important part of such interaction .
The potential for accidents will always exist , so each individual must become skilled at maintaining safety in the face of hazards inherent in the environment . 
I guess it must be the flag of my disposition , out of hopeful green stuff woven .
But contest definition -- that dramatic muscular separation of every muscle group that seems as though it must have been carved by a sculptor's chisel -- is something quite different .
Taking off his hat and signaling the driver with it , Mr. Podger stepped into the road , lifted the surprised turtle and consummated its road-crossing with what must have been a breath-taking suddenness .
She believes that before any adult can reach his or her full potential , they must first turn their attention to healing the hurt child within . 
It must be able to handle most of the complaints that can not be solved in the trenches by managers and their subordinates , else the company court or adjudicators will be inundated with cases .
The natural inhabitants of the Galapagos then , must have somehow strayed across from South America , and colonised the archipelago by chance . 
I am sure you will be glad to hear , as likewise dear Mrs . Jennings , I spent two happy hours with him yesterday afternoon , he would not hear of our parting , though earnestly did I , as I thought my duty required , urge him to it for prudence sake , and would have parted for ever on the spot , would he consent to it ; but he said it should never be , he did not regard his mother ' s anger , while he could have my affections ; our prospects are not very bright , to be sure , but we must wait , and hope for the best ; he will be ordained shortly ; and should it ever be in your power to recommend him to any body that has a living to bestow , am very sure you will not forget us , and dear Mrs . Jennings too , trust she will speak a good word for us to Sir John , or Mr . Palmer , or any friend that may be able to assist us .-- Poor Anne was much to blame for what she did , but she did it for the best , so I say nothing ; hope Mrs . Jennings won ' t think it too much trouble to give us a call , should she come this way any morning , ' twould be a great kindness , and my cousins would be proud to know her .-- My paper reminds me to conclude ; and begging to be most gratefully and respectfully remembered to her , and to Sir John , and Lady Middleton , and the dear children , when you chance to see them , and love to Miss Marianne ,
" You shall ; and , to be brief , when I quitted Barton last October ,-- but this will give you no idea -- I must go farther back .
In the morning , when he got up , his hands trembled , his spirits flagged , he could do nothing until he had taken a dram -- an operation which he was obliged to repeat several times in the course of the day , as all those wretched people MUST who once acquire this habit .
Who aspires , must down as low As high he soared ; obnoxious , first or last , To basest things .
If receiving water is used as dilution water , caution must be exercised in exposing the test organisms to it , because of the possibility that it might be toxic .
The head teacher must also inform the parents ( or pupil , if aged 18-plus ) of their right to make representations about the exclusion to the LEA and/or governors . 
In conjunction with the agency 's mission and core values , GAO must , among other things , be professional , objective , factbased , nonpartisan , nonideological , fair , and balanced in all of its audit , investigation , and evaluation work .
But , passing over a number of small incidents which gradually unfolded the character of the two boys , we must proceed to a more serious affair .
The Duke and I thought it as well to investigate the charge , and I must say I ' m glad we did ."
Must it not be to that famous elephant , with jewelled tusks , and redolent with myrrh , which was led out of an Indian town to do honour to Alexander the Great ?
Width must be adequate for the flow and where foot traffic is heavy , conflict should be resolved by vehicles being deflected over or under the level walking route . 
A very good man , and very much the gentleman I am sure : but I should think , Miss Elliot ," ( looking with serious reflection ), " I should think he must be rather a dressy man for his time of life .
In that moment of vision Adam heard the voice within himself saying : I must not hate him , I must not hate him or I shall die .
We must now look at these hamlets : when they originated , how they developed and how they managed the landscape .
` You must be reading too many of those French novelettes . 
It must be accepted by the court . ''
So then he was monstrous happy , and talked on some time about what they should do , and they agreed he should take orders directly , and they must wait to be married till he got a living .
You , my mother , and Margaret , must henceforth be all the world to me ; you will share my affections entirely between you .
Extensions are not granted as a matter of course , and the reasons for your request must be substantial .
And this thought it must have been which suggested to Ahab that wild exclamation of his , when one morning turning away from surveying poor Queequeg --" Oh , devilish tantalization of the gods !"
You must know that in a settled and civilized ocean like our Atlantic , for example , some skippers think little of pumping their whole way across it ; though of a still , sleepy night , should the officer of the deck happen to forget his duty in that respect , the probability would be that he and his shipmates would never again remember it , on account of all hands gently subsiding to the bottom .
I must add , I believe , one other sixpence to make out your two guineas ."
` She must sit on the pot until it cool so the vapour can come up her inside , " the thin woman commanded . 
" A man ," said he , " must have a very good opinion of himself when he asks people to leave their own fireside , and encounter such a day as this , for the sake of coming to see him .
` Forgive me , Georgi Kirov but I think I must disappoint you . 'I can undertake no more little errands for you . " 
You must stand guard over him at all times . " 
Therefore you must not , in every case at least , take the higgledy - piggledy whale statements , however authentic , in these extracts , for veritable gospel cetology .
There must be several dozen species in the United States alone .
She knew that at times she must be missed ; and could not think , without pain , of Emma ' s losing a single pleasure , or suffering an hour ' s ennui , from the want of her companionableness : but dear Emma was of no feeble character ; she was more equal to her situation than most girls would have been , and had sense , and energy , and spirits that might be hoped would bear her well and happily through its little difficulties and privations .
In Lent the food must be just so ; not too ostentatious but good enough to celebrate a Grand Duke 's birthday without making his guests wonder if they were breaking the Lenten abstentions too greatly . 
I respect Assyria , China , Teutonia , and the Hebrews , I adopt each theory , myth , god , and demigod , I see that the old accounts , bibles , genealogies , are true , without exception , I assert that all past days were what they must have been , And that they could no - how have been better than they were , And that to - day is what it must be , and that America is , And that to - day and America could no - how be better than they are .
A group of chattering women in torn dresses and faded shawls entered the shop and Hari moved quickly towards the door , she must not hamper Ben when he should be working . 
Adolescents are going to be embarrassed and ashamed if a teacher suggests that their dialect , which is part of their identity , must be radically changed . 
It was not Lucy ' s business to put herself forward , and the appearance of secrecy must still be kept up .
For we cannot tarry here , We must march my darlings , we must bear the brunt of danger , We the youthful sinewy races , all the rest on us depend , Pioneers !
Here , too , the reality of actual furniture must be experienced .
She could thoroughly comprehend the sort of fascination he must possess over Lady Russell ' s mind , the difficulty it must be for her to withdraw her eyes , the astonishment she must be feeling that eight or nine years should have passed over him , and in foreign climes and in active service too , without robbing him of one personal grace !
Merseyside Coroner Roy Barter told the Liverpool hearing that she must have inhaled the bacteria as it floated through the air as vapour from a contaminated hot water outlet . 
" Now ," said Harriet , " you _must_ recollect ."
that is , one must know something about D other than the fact that it is a linear operator .
But you must know that my main interest is in getting men to stay on this line . 
` Before leaving Windermere , I must mention an artist , who is but little known , Mr. Green , who has resided amongst the mountains , chiefly at Ambleside , during the last ten years . 
It must have hurt her even to walk , for the sole was completely off her left foot and Morgan saw that it was bruised and bleeding .
They must fight pitched battles , and fight in a body ; and they must begin fighting as far forward as possible . 
why MUST you , mother ?"
Unfortunately , however , and for reasons to be discussed in the following chapter , no rate relationships can be made completely nondiscriminatory as long as all or some of the rates must be set above marginal costs in order to yield adequate revenues .
Obama hailed Afghanistan 's progress in the years since the 2001 U. S. -led invasion that toppled the Taliban , but made it clear that much more must be done .
This priest outfit must be the most uncomfortable garment ever invented for Jungle travel . 
Caes I must preuent thee Cymber : These couchings , and these lowly courtesies Might fire the blood of ordinary men , And turne pre - Ordinance , and first Decree Into the lane of Children .
It must be awful , they argue , if the president 's lawyers have succeeded in feeding a dubious and duplicitous defense to the Senate , the public , and the press .
He must have embezzled thousands of pounds over the years . " 
In considering BW defense , it must be recognized that a number of critical meterological parameters must be met for an aerosol to exhibit optimum effect .
Attacks to the abdomen must be no lower than the bottom edge of the belt . 
Should the result of her observations be unfavourable , she was determined at all events to open the eyes of her sister ; should it be otherwise , her exertions would be of a different nature -- she must then learn to avoid every selfish comparison , and banish every regret which might lessen her satisfaction in the happiness of Marianne .
He must be forging the buckle - screw , sir , now .
He must have worn those jeans on countless beaches and fishing trips . 
However , when music is written for a specific text , the maximum musical climax must be kept back for the decisive point in the words .
Rikky : ` I think hedonism 's the one thing bands should be preaching , if they must ` preach " anything at all . " 
These convictions must unquestionably have their own pain , and severe was its kind ; but they precluded that pain which Lady Russell would suffer in entering the house again , and returning through the well - known apartments .
A similar situation must have existed in Peru at the time of the Spanish Conquest .
We must do whatever is to be done quickest , and I think our feelings will lose no time there .
We must allow for the effect of shade , you know ."
We occasionally have vacancies for bartenders who must have at least two years ' experience of working a cocktail bar . 
We owe Mrs . Jennings much more than civility ; and civility of the commonest kind must prevent such a hasty removal as that ."
You must , you shall , join our special army against anarchy .
`` We must persuade them to enjoy a way of life which , if not identical , is congenial with ours '' , he said but adding that if they do not develop the kind of society they themselves want it will lack ritiuality and loyalty .
Well , then , my watch must go .
He must mentally pull the blinds and close the window , so that all that existed was in the books before him .
Tell him I must see him again -- must speak to him instantly .-- I cannot rest -- I shall not have a moment ' s peace till this is explained -- some dreadful misapprehension or other .-- Oh go to him this moment ."
Let this be so : His meanes of death , his obscure buriall ; No Trophee , Sword , nor Hatchment o ' re his bones , No Noble rite , nor formall ostentation , Cry to be heard , as ' twere from Heauen to Earth , That I must call in question
And now , after only ten minutes notice -- Gone too without intending to return !-- Something more than what be owned to us must have happened .
Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Monday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches .
Rather conflict must be controlled and must be utilized profitably in order to create more and better cultural means of living and working together " ( 1967 : xi ) .
Sixteen miles -- nay , eighteen -- it must be full eighteen to Manchester - street -- was a serious obstacle .
The anti-trust laws inform a business that it must compete , but along completely undefined lines ; ;
I will be honest with you , I do not offer the old smooth prizes , but offer rough new prizes , These are the days that must happen to you : You shall not heap up what is call ' d riches , You shall scatter with lavish hand all that you earn or achieve , You but arrive at the city to which you were destin ' d , you hardly settle yourself to satisfaction before you are call ' d by an irresistible call to depart , You shall be treated to the ironical smiles and mockings of those who remain behind you , What beckonings of love you receive you shall only answer with passionate kisses of parting , You shall not allow the hold of those who spread their reach ' d hands toward you .
Such talent as hers must not be suffered to remain unknown .-- I dare say you have heard those charming lines of the poet ,
It was painful to look upon their deserted grounds , and still worse to anticipate the new hands they were to fall into ; and to escape the solitariness and the melancholy of so altered a village , and be out of the way when Admiral and Mrs Croft first arrived , she had determined to make her own absence from home begin when she must give up Anne .
" Yes ," said MacIan , with a sudden contraction of his black brows , " yes , it must be now ."
He knew they must mean him , for all their shining eyes were looking straight at him .
That Louisa must remain where she was , however distressing to her friends to be involving the Harvilles in such trouble , did not admit a doubt .
Feed on any live foods ( they will eat tiny fish ) and they must have vegetable matter , so include scalded lettuce , spinach and herbivore flake . 
This instant thou must be eyeing him .
Then , too , one must examine the techniques used to group the many languages of the world .
We must be ever alert that freedom does not wither through the careless amassing of restrictive controls or the lack of courage to deal boldly with the issues of the day .
Yet they a beauteous offspring shall beget ; For that fair female troop thou sawest , that seemed Of Goddesses , so blithe , so smooth , so gay , Yet empty of all good wherein consists Woman ' s domestick honour and chief praise ; Bred only and completed to the taste Of lustful appetence , to sing , to dance , To dress , and troll the tongue , and roll the eye : To these that sober race of men , whose lives Religious titled them the sons of God , Shall yield up all their virtue , all their fame Ignobly , to the trains and to the smiles Of these fair atheists ; and now swim in joy , Erelong to swim at large ; and laugh , for which The world erelong a world of tears must weep .
And yet here are two gentlemen stuck up in it mightily at their ease , and looking about them at the rocks and mountains , as if they were not to be upset the next moment , which they certainly must be .
It must also be taken into consideration that the generative system is being used for an application alien to its originally design . 
" This is so like you -- but I ' m sorry that Miss Bab must keep your guinea - hen .
The prevailing view in the industry was summed up in 1912 by a group of auto makers who told a Senate committee : `` The exceedingly unsatisfactory and uselessly expensive conditions , including delays surrounding legal disputes , particularly in patent litigation , are items of industrial burden which must be written large in figures of many millions of dollars of industrial waste '' .
Jones is hoping for an offer of compensation from the local authority and must now look forward with added enthusiasm to 1991 , when Giants are scheduled to move into their own purpose-built , multi-sport arena . 
` I reckon that stepmother of yours must 've wore you out skivvying . 
An attempt to improve the life of the anodes or the efficiency of the plasma generators must , therefore , aim at a reduction of the anode loss .
One other cause of jealousy between them I must tell you .
As long as it was only the left drawer instead of the right , and red ink instead of black , I thought it must be the chance blunders of a forger , as you say .
Interest at the rate of 6% a year must be paid on taxes that are not paid on or before their due date .
She must tell you herself what she is -- yet not by word , for never was there a human creature who would so designedly suppress her own merit .-- Since I began this letter , which will be longer than I foresaw , I have heard from her .-- She gives a good account of her own health ; but as she never complains , I dare not depend .
You are advised to obtain a Certificate of Posting , which must be produced in the event of loss .
There must be created a new and vibrant organization to meet the challenge of the twenty first century and beyond .
Lord bless me , the gods must exist after all -- they have sent me one of my day - dreams !
Frogs love it , and in springtime birds swarm all over it , making off with beaksful of what must be nature 's most luxurious nest lining material ! 
Clearly , when real output per capita rises , it must be theoretically possible for the gainers to compensate any losers , but this could only be interpreted as an actual improvement if full compensation were actually paid . 
Quicksand years that whirl me I know not whither , Your schemes , politics , fail , lines give way , substances mock and elude me , Only the theme I sing , the great and strong - possess ' d soul , eludes not , One ' s - self must never give way -- that is the final substance -- that out of all is sure , Out of politics , triumphs , battles , life , what at last finally remains ?
` My father tied with another man at an Old Newton furrow-drawing match : both had a quarter-inch deviation -- it must have been about sixty years ago .
` Corked " wine has a powerful pong , rather like musty , mouldy walnuts , and current estimates hold that two out of every 100 bottles are affected . 
Her momentary uncertainty must have showed , for he added with a throaty chuckle , ` But no night watches . " 
Now must we grind with all our might -- and , behold !
It is the one great weakness of journalism as a picture of our modern existence , that it must be a picture made up entirely of exceptions .
But seeing that it was not at all limber , and that it glistened a good deal like polished ebony , I concluded that it must be nothing but a wooden idol , which indeed it proved to be .
Mrs . Churchill was unwell -- far too unwell to do without him ; she had been in a very suffering state ( so said her husband ) when writing to her nephew two days before , though from her usual unwillingness to give pain , and constant habit of never thinking of herself , she had not mentioned it ; but now she was too ill to trifle , and must entreat him to set off for Enscombe without delay .
Well , ma ' am , then if I must eat something , send me a bit of fowl ; a leg and wing , the liver wing , and a bit of the breast , oyster sauce , and a slice of that ham , if you please , ma ' am .
" You consider the matter ," said Elinor , " exactly as a good mind and a sound understanding must consider it ; and I dare say you perceive , as well as myself , not only in this , but in many other circumstances , reason enough to be convinced that your marriage must have involved you in many certain troubles and disappointments , in which you would have been poorly supported by an affection , on his side , much less certain .
You must never allow yourself to be crowded out , neither must you retreat so far that you overstep the area boundary . 
But his clothes must be shrinking too , she thought , that 's not possible . 
In order to effect transfer of vessels at either level , the two tanks must not travel on the same plane .
Here , we must make an assessment of the politics of funding community organizations and the dependency which that creates .
We must distinguish the two concepts since two processes may share a program of instructions ( or , more generally , any set of computer words which are not altered , such as a table of constants ) . 
Having set up a certain attitude and a certain power , you must check , by scanning your flight instruments , that the desired performance is being achieved , and also that it is being maintained . 
` We think the Keystone dialogue has the right approach , but governments must support it " , he says . 
However , comments by the American Banker 's President that U S industry must shed more jobs , saw Wall Street lose thirty four points . 
He must have thought I was a tourist .
It is not difficult to infer where the information on curvature must come from . 
It must be horrible to be driven away from all your old haunts because you might bump into your drug mates . 
So I became a clown , and must be a clown until I die ."
Like many great villains , Daine must have no conception of how ludicrous he appeared much of the time . 
It ' s a ticklish business , but must be done , or else it ' s no go .
The speaker 's ability to plan utterances is not sufficiently good to allow planning and production to co-occur smoothly and without interference ; and so there are periods when production must suffer if planning is to proceed .
I ' m sure she must have been meddling with it ," added the maid .
Certain methods of construction must be carried out , but this does not mean that the building inspector has full control over the quality of workmanship . 
Drunk on sake , he must have wandered off from his bivouac .
It must be done directly ; it must be done in London ; the order must go through the hands of some intelligent person whose taste could be depended on ; and Isabella , the usual doer of all commissions , must not be applied to , because it was December , and Mr . Woodhouse could not bear the idea of her stirring out of her house in the fogs of December .
All must have reference to the ensemble of the world , and the compact truth of the world , There shall be no subject too pronounced -- all works shall illustrate the divine law of indirections .
If the burden becomes too much and the responsibilities too great , one must always feel that one can turn to somebody who is more knowledgeable , or has broader shoulders and who will share the burden . 
Let me comply with you in the Garbe , lest my extent to the Players ( which I tell you must shew fairely outward ) should more appeare like entertainment then yours .
The notice of appeal must be filed within four weeks of the date on which the judgment was entered .
But as the stumps of harpoons are frequently found in the dead bodies of captured whales , with the flesh perfectly healed around them , and no prominence of any kind to denote their place ; therefore , there must needs have been some other unknown reason in the present case fully to account for the ulceration alluded to .
The scientific journalist 's attitude must be adopted from that of creative workers and he must attempt to convey what these workers think and do . 
My hands must be washed before I can do anything ."
Stamford must have been one of the religious and academic Meccas of ancient Albion , situated close to Troy , and a place of international pilgrimage for both mystics and scholars . 
Most cordially , when Miss Bates arrived , did she agree that it must .
He must rearrange matters so that two performers do not bump into each other .
The new guidebook will note that units must be ready to do both , but it also will say training for a primarily offensive force should differ from training for stability operations .
She must have looked temptingly pretty to the dean as he put the crown on her head .
Apologies for her seemingly ungracious silence in their first reception , and the warmest expressions of the gratitude she was always feeling towards herself and Mr . Weston , must necessarily open the cause ; but when these effusions were put by , they had talked a good deal of the present and of the future state of the engagement .
`` I feel I must answer the question '' , he said , `` since the onus later , if any , should fall on me -- I don't relish recriminations spread broadcast outside my family .
" I do not ask you to come in the morning , for we must walk to the park , to call on Lady Middleton ."
And so the appellation must at last have come to be bestowed upon the whale from which this spermaceti was really derived .
` I must get a move on too , " declared Travis , and while he delayed to exchange one or two pleasantries with his cousin , Leith hotfooted it out of there .
Mr . Elton must smile less , and Mr . John Knightley more , to fit them for the place .-- Emma only might be as nature prompted , and shew herself just as happy as she was .
This aboue all ; to thine owne selfe be true : And it must follow , as the Night the Day , Thou canst not then be false to any man .
He must have managed to purloin a copy of the house key from somewhere and was obviously astounded to find someone already scouring the house , especially her . 
10 : 26 Our cattle also shall go with us ; there shall not an hoof be left behind ; for thereof must we take to serve the LORD our God ; and we know not with what we must serve the LORD , until we come thither .
It was impossible for her to have forgotten to feel that this arrival of their common friends must be soon bringing them together again .
" She must have some motive , more powerful than appears , for refusing this invitation ," was Emma ' s conclusion .
He must have saturated himself in the drink , for the bullet not to shock him out of his drunken haze .
I think my father must have suffered some of this , if only because he refused to have us children christened . 
For all these reasons , then , any way you may look at it , you must needs conclude that the great Leviathan is that one creature in the world which must remain unpainted to the last .
Oh , Billie , I must have been crazy to let you come with me . 
A World Cup final is the wrong time and place to prove a point and the English management must take the blame for letting the press and the Australians sucker them into self destruction . 
He gradually induced in the group a feeling of hopelessness , which must have resembled what both Mr E and Dave were feeling in the classroom .
In my person they would always remember that last long time of me alone with her , so if they told themselves that I could have prevented it , I can understand that by now and love them still , because everyone must justify , have a scapegoat for what is not to be borne .
She says she is afraid there will be draughts in the passage , though every thing has been done -- One door nailed up -- Quantities of matting -- My dear Jane , indeed you must .
If the house is not wired adequately for electricity or if plumbing or a central heating system must be installed , check into the cost of making these improvements .
" Now that you are able to go out ," said Francisco ' s father to him , " you must come and look at my new house , my dear son ."
Travis straightened from one last study of the map , tucking it inside his shirt and pocketing a compass that he must have found on the plane too . 
The number of locking bars required depends on how many false moves must be prevented .
He had the air of congratulating himself on having brought such a woman to Highbury , as not even Miss Woodhouse could equal ; and the greater part of her new acquaintance , disposed to commend , or not in the habit of judging , following the lead of Miss Bates ' s good - will , or taking it for granted that the bride must be as clever and as agreeable as she professed herself , were very well satisfied ; so that Mrs . Elton ' s praise passed from one mouth to another as it ought to do , unimpeded by Miss Woodhouse , who readily continued her first contribution and talked with a good grace of her being " very pleasant and very elegantly dressed ."
But they must have technical and investment assistance .
" Miss Woodhouse , as you will not give me your opinion , I must do as well as I can by myself ; and I have now quite determined , and really almost made up my mind -- to refuse Mr . Martin .
Fitting the locking bars and making the locking pieces is a rather tedious job since stop screws , tappets and locking bars must be removed and replaced many times .
To achieve Part One , applicants must demonstrate their ability to design a solution that meets customers ' needs effectively , as well as the capability to operate contracts within agreed performance parameters . 
Then the choreographer must arbitrate .
You must assail it with Bassey from one side and Streisand from the other , whereupon the hapless bird rips itself in half , uncertain which escape route to take .
Great businesse must be wrought ere Noone .
A haunted theatre is the setting for this exciting and atmospheric thriller from the author of ` Night Must Fall " . 
No one anticipates any radical shift in this situation , but questions concerning reading habits , the availability of such data and the places where it is discussed must surely be raised .
It was now September 25th , and he said that the new tenant must come in on the 29th , so that she must quit it directly .
Resistance was prolonged from December to February 1947 when at length Sukarno secured approval for the change by putting his position to the test : if they refused , they must find a new president .
` We must keep in touch , " Gary said as he finished his cheese roll . 
The amount paid by the oil company to Tri-State for the use of its oil distribution system and the privilege of supplying all the homes , is subject to negotiation but naturally must be profitable to both parties .
She glanced at the man nodding beside her , a man with weather cracks furrowed into his lean cheeks , with powdery pale eyes reflecting all the droughts he had seen , reflecting the sky and the drought which must follow now in August -- yes , with eyes predicting the drought and here it was only June , only festival time again and thoughts of Gratt Shafer would not leave her .
" My friend ," said I , " what all this gibberish of yours is about , I don ' t know , and I don ' t much care ; for it seems to me that you must be a little damaged in the head .
She felt that , in quitting Donwell , he must be sacrificing a great deal of independence of hours and habits ; that in living constantly with her father , and in no house of his own , there would be much , very much , to be borne with .
Don ' t let him know she liked them best , For this must ever be A secret , kept from all the rest , Between yourself and me .'
Finally , we must be willing to forgive others as many times as they sin against us .
He must draw deductions about what he thinks took place from the evidence that is presented to him . 
There must also be additional and more fundamental discrimination in the use of means of resistance , violent or non-violent .
`` And also , sir , two articles which were considered souvenirs now must be regarded in another light entirely .
It should not , must not be a struggle ."
She must not appear at first .
Crawford had lost so much confidence before taking on the play that he decided he must live the part and put everything into it . 
It was creditable to have a sister married , and she might flatter herself with having been greatly instrumental to the connexion , by keeping Anne with her in the autumn ; and as her own sister must be better than her husband ' s sisters , it was very agreeable that Captain Wentworth should be a richer man than either Captain Benwick or Charles Hayter .
QUARTERMASTER : Must 've hit a reef .
The whole must be torn out by the roots .
In spite of all her faults , she knew she was dear to him ; might she not say , very dear ?-- When the suggestions of hope , however , which must follow here , presented themselves , she could not presume to indulge them .
He is forced to play for little money , and must often take another job to live .
Whatever the answers , the enemy must not discover these questions were being asked , for this would give away the landing areas of a future invasion .
Yet , he must leave them at the end of a week , in spite of their wishes and his own , and without any restraint on his time .
But we must not forget man's soul .
But despite all Creggan 's entreaties for her to talk more of Callanish , Minch refused , saying she was tired and must rest . 
" Besides ," continued he , in the prow , " you must allow for a certain high spirit and haughtiness in the superior type ."
For we are taught both by the words of worthy men of old and by our experience that this is a most certain sign , and it has been found that even if she be urged and exhorted by solemn conjurations to shed tears , if she be a witch she will not be able to weep : although she will assume a tearful aspect and smear her cheeks and eyes with spittle to make it appear that she is weeping ; wherefore she must be closely watched by the attendants . 
A writer in the Town Planning Review trumpeted that train-sheds were now obsolete : ` modern terminals in great cities must be below street level hereafter " . 
Anglers might be tempted into thinking that they may be able to purchase the Bivvy Dome cheaper direct from camping shops , but they must remember , as with many items , various different qualities exist . 
with a deep sigh , that he wished I might find as much happiness in the marriage state as he had done .-- I felt that it would be of a different sort .-- Are you disposed to pity me for what I must have suffered in opening the cause to him , for my suspense while all was at stake ?-- No ; do not pity me till I reached Highbury , and saw how ill I had made her .
21 : 9 But when ye shall hear of wars and commotions , be not terrified : for these things must first come to pass ; but the end is not by and by .
She must have delighted the Coles -- worthy people , who deserved to be made happy !-- And left a name behind her that would not soon die away .
`` Vocal peculiarities often become excessively irritating during prolonged intra-stellar distances and must be eliminated .
" Oh , miss ," continued the servant , " and the chimney - sweep himself was so bruised , and must have been killed ."
Mr . Elton was all obligation and cheerfulness ; he was so very cheerful in his civilities indeed , that she began to think he must have received a different account of Harriet from what had reached her .
Ook in de stad is dat een must .
Your application must include the following information : ( 1 ) your reasons for requesting an extension , ( 2 ) whether you filed timely income tax returns for the 3 preceding years , and ( 3 ) whether you were required to file an estimated return for the year , and if so whether you did file and have paid the estimated tax payments on or before the due dates .
The dispute should have been settled 53 years ago when the 1930 Reservoirs Act ruled that the owners of all reservoirs containing more than 23 million litres must have them inspected and repaired regularly . 
it must express the nation's own will and goal .
Finn said : ` You must rehearse with me . "
It may be but an idle whim , but it has always seemed to me , that the extraordinary vacillations of movement displayed by some whales when beset by three or four boats ; the timidity and liability to queer frights , so common to such whales ; I think that all this indirectly proceeds from the helpless perplexity of volition , in which their divided and diametrically opposite powers of vision must involve them .
It must be protected against spendthrift or incompetent successors , against creditors and moneylenders , against improvident sales , and , until the Forfeiture Act 1870 , against forfeiture for treason . 
He turned around , saw nothing , and decided it must be a mouse .
On earth it grew hotter and hotter ; the sun burned down so fiercely that the people were fainting in its rays ; it seemed as if they must die of heat , and yet they were obliged to go on with their work , for they were very poor .
43 : 11 And their father Israel said unto them , If it must be so now , do this ; take of the best fruits in the land in your vessels , and carry down the man a present , a little balm , and a little honey , spices , and myrrh , nuts , and almonds : 43 : 12 And take double money in your hand ; and the money that was brought again in the mouth of your sacks , carry it again in your hand ; peradventure it was an oversight : 43 : 13 Take also your brother , and arise , go again unto the man : 43 : 14 And God Almighty give you mercy before the man , that he may send away your other brother , and Benjamin .
A man must pay for his convenience ; and it HAS cost me a vast deal of money ."
If we are going to win , and win again , we must be as vigorous in promoting our cause as the Labour Party . "
The last viceroyalty was thus conceived -- by , of all people , a Labour prime minister , but one , it must be remembered , who was at Haileybury -- as a supreme test of British adeptness in the gentlemanly art of leadership . 
When Mrs . Jennings attacked her one evening at the park , to give the name of the young man who was Elinor ' s particular favourite , which had been long a matter of great curiosity to her , Margaret answered by looking at her sister , and saying , " I must not tell , may I , Elinor ?"
You must lodge here tonight at least , and as long as you may wish . 
Another room of much better size might be secured for the purpose ; but it was at the other end of the house , and a long awkward passage must be gone through to get at it .
It must be Se offendendo , it cannot bee else : for heere lies the point ; If I drowne my selfe wittingly , it argues an Act : and an Act hath three branches .
Now must your conscience my acquittance seal , And you must put me in your heart for Friend , Sith you haue heard , and with a knowing eare , That he which hath your Noble Father slaine , Pursued my life
Jonathan Speelman must avoid defeat in his seventh game against Jan Timman to stay in the match . 
IMPRESSED just this side of awe as I am by the Department of Transport and its fearless tackling of such problems as juggernaut lorries and EEC regulations , I must nevertheless confess some disquiet about a recent plan . 
This is the only way out , so the adventurers must head for it , even though they ca n't be sure that the haze and mist they see beyond the archway offers any real hope of release . 
" Men like MacIan and I may suffer unjustly all our lives , but a man like you must have influence ."
Some must go off : and yet by these I see , So great a day as this is cheapely bought
My blindness to what was going on , led me to act by them in a way that I must always be ashamed of , and I was very foolishly tempted to say and do many things which may well lay me open to unpleasant conjectures , but I have no other reason to regret that I was not in the secret earlier ."
Within this houre , at most , I will aduise you where to plant your selues , Acquaint you with the perfect Spy o ' th ' time , The moment on ' t , for ' t must be done to Night , And something from the Pallace : alwayes thought , That I require a clearenesse ; and with him , To leaue no Rubs nor Botches in the Worke : Fleans , his Sonne , that keepes him companie , Whose absence is no lesse materiall to me , Then is his Fathers , must embrace the fate Of that darke houre : resolue your selues apart , Ile come to you anon
As faulty as has been our leadership clearly the United States must be relied upon to lead .
Such instigations haue beene often dropt , Where I haue tooke them vp : Shall Rome , & c . Thus must I piece it out : Shall Rome stand vnder one mans awe ?
23 : 17 ( For of necessity he must release one unto them at the feast .)
This must mean , in terms of the figure , an increase in the number of a and b elements activated by the stimuli , something that can be represented diagrammatically in more than one way .
" And if the Dixons should absolutely deny all knowledge of it we must conclude it to come from the Campbells ."
To any meditative Magian rover , this serene Pacific , once beheld , must ever after be the sea of his adoption .
Then there ' s hope , a great mans Memorie , may out - liue his life halfe a yeare : But byrlady he must builde Churches then : or else shall he suffer not thinking on , with the Hoby - horsse , whose Epitaph is , For o , For o , the Hoby - horse is forgot .
Mr. Morrissey , the Kentucky Fried Chicken franchisee , notes that most franchise owners must absorb increases in expenses without any cut in the royalties , or portion of sales , that they must pay franchisers .
These days of confinement would have been , but for her private perplexities , remarkably comfortable , as such seclusion exactly suited her brother , whose feelings must always be of great importance to his companions ; and he had , besides , so thoroughly cleared off his ill - humour at Randalls , that his amiableness never failed him during the rest of his stay at Hartfield .
" Fellow - critters : I ' se ordered here to say dat you must stop dat dam noise dare .
He must love her .
To comprehend why Edmund is joyful , our readers must be informed of certain things which happened after Isabella and Caroline went to Dublin .
It was obvious that to match Brumidi , white must be mixed with all but the darkest tones .
But almost everybody supposed that this particular preparative heedfulness in Ahab must only be with a view to the ultimate chase of Moby Dick ; for he had already revealed his intention to hunt that mortal monster in person .
" We must be decided , and without the loss of another minute .
Oedipa smouldered , knowing she must achieve self-actualization .
The end result is that disabled persons must have the requisite skills , educational background , experience and other qualifications for the job . 
In either case I must incur initial losses that are , in effect , part of the price of entry into the market--an add-on to the cost of developing a product in the first place .
"' Lush ' too ," said Syme , shaking his head sagaciously , " we must have ' lush '-- word applied to grass , don ' t you know ?"
" Oh yes ; indeed you must not leave me without taking something ; and Miss Marianne must have another macaroon .
The sum of these probabilities should be 1.0 , meaning that the executive must do one of the four things mentioned . 
At first he thought he must have fancied it or been mocked by a mere echo of his own tramp .
CPRW played a key role in drafting a declaration to the Edinburgh European Summit insisting that ` subsidiarity " must ` guarantee EC citizens the right to a clean and healthy environment " . 
You must forgive me , but I was so frightened that you would not do it at all ."
Since a poem contains the same elements as a prose composition , the distinction must lie in a difference in their combination and in the objective .
A new type of knowledge , Said contends , must be produced that can analyse plural objects as such rather than offering forms of integrated understanding that simply comprehend them within totalizing schemas .
A commonality of interest ensures such cooperation takes place : the creation of a single financial space must create an environment which engenders the growth and development of derivative market activities .
The gracious Duncan Was pittied of Macbeth : marry he was dead : And the right valiant Banquo walk ' d too late , Whom you may say ( if ' t please you ) Fleans kill ' d , For Fleans fled : Men must not walke too late .
-- Emma had promised ; but still Harriet must be excepted .
Could he have thought himself encouraged , his looks and language at parting would have been different .-- Still , however , I must be on my guard .
She could think of nothing better : and though there was something in it which her own heart could not approve -- something of ingratitude , merely glossed over -- it must be done , or what would become of Harriet ?
" How good poor Piccola must have been !"
Give me your hand old Revolutionary , The hill - top is nigh , but a few steps , ( make room gentlemen ,) Up the path you have follow ' d me well , spite of your hundred and extra years , You can walk old man , though your eyes are almost done , Your faculties serve you , and presently I must have them serve me .
" Yes , let me read it , child , since I must ."
He found too late , in short , that he had entangled himself ; and that precisely as he became fully satisfied of his not caring for Louisa at all , he must regard himself as bound to her , if her sentiments for him were what the Harvilles supposed .
The magicians told Vortigern he must find a boy with no father , sacrifice the child and sprinkle his blood on the fort 's foundations . 
To be lost if it must be so !
Her introductions and recommendations must all wait , and every projected party be still only talked of .
She , who had seen her week after week so constantly suffering , oppressed by anguish of heart which she had neither courage to speak of , nor fortitude to conceal , now saw with a joy , which no other could equally share , an apparent composure of mind , which , in being the result as she trusted of serious reflection , must eventually lead her to contentment and cheerfulness .
Little Henry must remain the heir of Donwell .
Why let the strucken Deere go weepe , The Hart vngalled play : For some must watch , while some must sleepe ; So runnes the world away .
We must not : a Noble Prisoner .
The deepe of night is crept vpon our talke , And Nature must obey Necessitie , Which we will niggard with a little rest : There is no more to say
Nor , credulous as such minds must have been , was this conceit altogether without some faint show of superstitious probability .
" But you must have found it very damp and dirty .
Oh Gertrude , come away : The Sun no sooner shall the Mountaines touch , But we will ship him hence , and this vilde deed , We must with all our Maiesty and Skill Both countenance , and excuse .
But you realize , I am sure , how much old deeds incite to new ones , and you must forgive me if I tell you first of the old ones .
They must encounter each other , and make the best of it .
Small amounts of food must be left for the birds until they learn to fend for themselves . 
` There must be some reality that can heal the fragmentation of the world . " 
They all seemed to remember the day , the hour , the party , the occasion -- to feel the same consciousness , the same regrets -- to be ready to return to the same good understanding ; and they were just growing again like themselves , ( Harriet , as Emma must suspect , as ready as the best of them to be cordial and happy ,) when the carriage reappeared , and all was over .
He didn't tell Miss Jen , but she must have got word from the cook or nurse , who of course knew those Quinzaine nigs , and she really took a fit .
Once more the fallacious equation is advanced to argue that since business is restricted under the anti-monopoly laws , there must be a corresponding restriction against labor unions : the law must treat everybody equally .
Langsdorff , you must know by the way , was attached to the Russian Admiral Krusenstern ' s famous Discovery Expedition in the beginning of the present century .
` I must say the old trousers he wears let him down a little -- but at the wedding he 'll wear his best suit . 
However , no diagram of her brain patterns , no early I.Q. tests recorded certain essential facts about Helva that Central must eventually learn .
4 : 43 And he said unto them , I must preach the kingdom of God to other cities also : for therefore am I sent .
This logic does not soothe her ; she says I must wait three weeks .
We must get used to it ."
His emotion on entering the room , in seeing her altered looks , and in receiving the pale hand which she immediately held out to him , was such , as , in Elinor ' s conjecture , must arise from something more than his affection for Marianne , or the consciousness of its being known to others ; and she soon discovered in his melancholy eye and varying complexion as he looked at her sister , the probable recurrence of many past scenes of misery to his mind , brought back by that resemblance between Marianne and Eliza already acknowledged , and now strengthened by the hollow eye , the sickly skin , the posture of reclining weakness , and the warm acknowledgment of peculiar obligation .
The parent must stay calm and firm but show disapproval at the behaviour . 
No one else must know .
Sir Walter , his two daughters , and Mrs Clay , were the earliest of all their party at the rooms in the evening ; and as Lady Dalrymple must be waited for , they took their station by one of the fires in the Octagon Room .
But happily Lady Dalrymple always chooses to be farther off ; and we were exceedingly well placed , that is , for hearing ; I must not say for seeing , because I appear to have seen very little ."
It may have surprised the intelligent reader that the gipsy was so punctual to her promise to Fisher , but we must recollect that her apparent integrity was only cunning ; she was punctual that she might be employed again , that she might be intrusted with the contribution which , she foresaw , must be raised amongst the famishing garrison .
Others say simply that market forces must prevail .
This set must consist of isolated points and closed intervals .
And the Middletons too , you must introduce me to THEM .
It must be granted that the flouting of convention , no matter how well intentioned one may be , is sure to lead to trouble , or at least to the discomfort that goes with social disapproval .
Looking round its walls , Breeze realized that the sea must be nearer than she had thought , for there were so many little tablets to people who had been drowned off this coast . 
Thou , my shade Inseparable , must with me along ; For Death from Sin no power can separate .
Charles , Anne , must not it ?
` You must have wondered if I had forgotten you , " were Poskonov 's opening words as he ushered Romanov to the comfortable chair . 
Mrs . Elton was first seen at church : but though devotion might be interrupted , curiosity could not be satisfied by a bride in a pew , and it must be left for the visits in form which were then to be paid , to settle whether she were very pretty indeed , or only rather pretty , or not pretty at all .
The programme runs to August 31 and customers must agree to take delivery of the new-generation system by March 31 next year .
He knows that he must give the expert his place , but he knows that he must also keep him in it .
No matter how damaging to individuals may be the consequences of a publication , the right to free speech must prevail unless the individuals possess an established legal right that the publication would infringe : In the case of Re X ( a minor ) the mother and stepfather of a sensitive fourteen year old girl sought to stop publication of a book which ascribed depraved and immoral behaviour to her deceased father . 
The solution must have looked quite funny to an onlooker . 
Anyone who takes part must register as soon as he or she has completed 15 minutes ' exercise , between midnight tonight and 10.30pm tomorrow . 
It must be by his death : and for my part , I know no personall cause , to spurne at him , But for the generall .
From all danger of seeing Willoughby again , her mother considered her to be at least equally safe in town as in the country , since his acquaintance must now be dropped by all who called themselves her friends .
" I don ' t know in what capacity you are here ," continued Turnbull , gravely , " but a legal authority of your distinction must certainly be here in an important one .
Its tendency would be to raise and refine her mind -- and it must be saving her from the danger of degradation .
When their places were determined on , and they were all properly arranged , she looked round to see if he should happen to be in the same part of the room , but he was not ; her eye could not reach him ; and the concert being just opening , she must consent for a time to be happy in a humbler way .
The next day Mrs . Theresa Tattle did herself the honour to wait upon Mrs . Montague , " to apologize for the liberty she taken in inviting Mrs . Montague ' s charming Miss Marianne into her apartment to see Pretty Poll , and for the still greater liberty she had taken in offering her a piece of plum - cake -- inconsiderate creature that she was !-- which might possibly have disagreed with her , and which certainly were liberties she never should have been induced to take , if she had not been unaccountably bewitched by Miss Marianne ' s striking though highly flattering resemblance to a young gentleman ( an officer ) with whom she had danced , now nearly twelve years ago , of the name of Montague , a most respectable young man , and of a most respectable family , with which , in a remote degree , she might presume to say , she herself was someway connected , having the honour to be nearly related to the Joneses of Merionethshire , who were cousins to the Mainwarings of Bedfordshire , who married into the family of the Griffiths , the eldest branch of which , she understood , had the honour to be cousin - german to Mr . Montague ; on which account she had been impatient to pay a visit , so likely to be productive of most agreeable consequences , by the acquisition of an acquaintance whose society must do her infinite honour ."
Their interpretability , however , must not be exaggerated ; their meanings are not necessarily wholly predictable on first acquaintance . 
` You were in and out of this office all the time , you must have some idea of what my brother kept in his safe . " 
One must first detect a fleeting mobile or moving target , decide that it is worthy of destruction , select the missile to be fired against the target , compute ballistics for the flight , and prepare the missile for firing .
His mother explained to him her liberal designs , in case of his marrying Miss Morton ; told him she would settle on him the Norfolk estate , which , clear of land - tax , brings in a good thousand a - year ; offered even , when matters grew desperate , to make it twelve hundred ; and in opposition to this , if he still persisted in this low connection , represented to him the certain penury that must attend the match .
Mr . Weston was to call in the evening , and she must return it by him .
His appearance was very neat , and he looked like a sensible young man , but his person had no other advantage ; and when he came to be contrasted with gentlemen , she thought he must lose all the ground he had gained in Harriet ' s inclination .
First we must get him out of England , where he risks death every moment .
' I ' m sure those are not the right words ,' said poor Alice , and her eyes filled with tears again as she went on , ' I must be Mabel after all , and I shall have to go and live in that poky little house , and have next to no toys to play with , and oh !
5 : 38 But new wine must be put into new bottles ; and both are preserved .
They like that But you must know the Exmoors would never forgive this .
Seekie refused and , despite earlier declarations to the contrary , asserted that the conflict " must be resolved by Liberians themselves without any interventions from outside " . 
By the Lord , I must have been dreaming , though -- How ?
3 : 20 And he shall send Jesus Christ , which before was preached unto you : 3 : 21 Whom the heaven must receive until the times of restitution of all things , which God hath spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began .
' They must go by the carrier ,' she thought ; ' and how funny it ' ll seem , sending presents to one ' s own feet !
The best man in the ship must take the helm .
Once again a distinction must be made between an ` odorant " defined earlier as ` any chemical compound which stimulates the olfactory sense " and an ` odour " being a sensation of smell . 
If this was true , any piece of DNA was just like any other piece , whereas every gene must be different from every other one . 
22 : 17 Is the iniquity of Peor too little for us , from which we are not cleansed until this day , although there was a plague in the congregation of the LORD , 22 : 18 But that ye must turn away this day from following the LORD ?
What arises from discretion must be honoured ."
Don ' t I always say that to be good , a whale - steak must be tough ?
" I must go to my mother , sir ," said the child ; " besides , you have spoiled all my lace .
They must continue to satisfy basic capital needs ; ;
But say That death be not one stroke , as I supposed , Bereaving sense , but endless misery From this day onward ; which I feel begun Both in me , and without me ; and so last To perpetuity ;-- Ay me ! that fear Comes thundering back with dreadful revolution On my defenceless head ; both Death and I Am found eternal , and incorporate both ; Nor I on my part single ; in me all Posterity stands cursed : Fair patrimony That I must leave ye , Sons !
` Did the doctor say how long I must lie in my bed ? " he asked . 
We must wait , it may be for many years .
Gratifying , however , and stimulative as was the letter in the material part , its sentiments , she yet found , when it was folded up and returned to Mrs . Weston , that it had not added any lasting warmth , that she could still do without the writer , and that he must learn to do without her .
These deeds must not be thought After these wayes : so , it will make vs mad
Even mobile forces must be found and destroyed .
She thought they must be drunk , they were weaving about so much . 
Thus have I told thee all my state , and brought My story to the sum of earthly bliss , Which I enjoy ; and must confess to find In all things else delight indeed , but such As , used or not , works in the mind no change , Nor vehement desire ; these delicacies I mean of taste , sight , smell , herbs , fruits , and flowers , Walks , and the melody of birds : but here Far otherwise , transported I behold , Transported touch ; here passion first I felt , Commotion strange !
They must both have suffered a great deal under such a system of secresy and concealment ."
She musta been walking in her sleep -- you seen her yourself in here '' .
She must be attached to you , or she would not have married you .
And while every writer must be dealt with as a special case , the interested student will want to ask himself a number of questions about each .
For once in his life , Leopold must have been truly happy : his hopes and prayers for his beloved son seemed at last to have come to fruition . 
His fine face was so emaciated , that Syme thought it must be wasted with some disease ; yet somehow the very distress of his dark eyes denied this .
To have been Belshazzar , King of Babylon ; and to have been Belshazzar , not haughtily but courteously , therein certainly must have been some touch of mundane grandeur .
Under this assumption the space group must be Af and the following are the positions of the atoms in the unit cell .
At any rate , I made up my mind that if it so turned out that we should sleep together , he must undress and get into bed before I did .
Mr Kinnock must stress the extent to which Labour has really changed .
He also reiterated the SOC insistence that any agreement must explicitly condemn the genocide by the Khmers Rouges under Pol Pot in the 1975-79 period . 
The credit requirements stipulate that the applicant must have the ability to operate the business successfully and have enough capital in the business so that , with loan assistance from the SBA , it will be able to operate on a sound financial basis .
But , avast ; here comes our old Manxman -- the old hearse - driver , he must have been , that is , before he took to the sea .
Lady Russell had not been arrived five minutes the day before , when a full account of the whole had burst on her ; but still it must be talked of , she must make enquiries , she must regret the imprudence , lament the result , and Captain Wentworth ' s name must be mentioned by both .
' Tis vnmanly greefe , It shewes a will most incorrect to Heauen , A Heart vnfortified , a Minde impatient , An Vnderstanding simple , and vnschool ' d : For , what we know must be , and is as common As any the most vulgar thing to sence , Why should we in our peeuish Opposition Take it to heart ?
' I must go and get ready to play croquet with the Queen ,' and she hurried out of the room .
I would be understood to mean , that it can be only weak , irresolute characters , ( whose happiness must be always at the mercy of chance ,) who will suffer an unfortunate acquaintance to be an inconvenience , an oppression for ever ."
See my children , resolute children , By those swarms upon our rear we must never yield or falter , Ages back in ghostly millions frowning there behind us urging , Pioneers !
I know I am solid and sound , To me the converging objects of the universe perpetually flow , All are written to me , and I must get what the writing means .
Denouncing the view that the sexual union is an end in itself , the Conference declared : `` We steadfastly uphold what must always be regarded as the governing considerations of Christian marriage .
They've found some sort of new evidence , a bundle of clothes or something , and it must link the kid even stronger to the crime .
" There , papa !-- Now you must be satisfied -- Our own dear Mrs . Weston , who is carefulness itself .
You must know what gets into people , even such as Red and Handley , before you can tell what comes out of them .
For the strain constantly kept up by the windlass continually keeps the whale rolling over and over in the water , and as the blubber in one strip uniformly peels off along the line called the " scarf ," simultaneously cut by the spades of Starbuck and Stubb , the mates ; and just as fast as it is thus peeled off , and indeed by that very act itself , it is all the time being hoisted higher and higher aloft till its upper end grazes the main - top ; the men at the windlass then cease heaving , and for a moment or two the prodigious blood - dripping mass sways to and fro as if let down from the sky , and every one present must take good heed to dodge it when it swings , else it may box his ears and pitch him headlong overboard .
His justification for the necessary invasion of privacy is the familiar - and thoroughly respectable -- plea that politics should and must be personalised . 
He had a large palm - leaf hat on the back of his head ( suggesting a halo that was by no means appropriate to the face ), but otherwise he was clad only in a very vivid suit of striped scarlet and yellow pyjamas ; which , though glowing enough to behold , must have been , on a fresh morning , pretty chilly to wear .
As soon as the shelter is completed a radio reception check must be made .
She was sent back , however , in a moment by the entrance of Captain Wentworth himself , among a party of gentlemen and ladies , evidently his acquaintance , and whom he must have joined a little below Milsom Street .
" But she must not go round by London ," cried Marianne , in the same hurried manner .
What you must beware of , however , is using all your bait on a massive shoal of small barbel . 
Councils must regard young people leaving care as vulnerable and in priority need of housing . 
Once again we must thank Colin Garrett for the superb quality of his show ` Britain 's Railway " held at the Community College , Bishop 's Castle on Friday 7th November 1992 . 
` It is a truth universally acknowledged that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife , " said James . 
" I wish ye could all sleep on ," said he ; " but I must waken ye , though you will be only in my way .
" In that case ," said Turnbull , rising genially , " we must not further interrupt your important duties .
14 : 49 I was daily with you in the temple teaching , and ye took me not : but the scriptures must be fulfilled .
If the item is beyond economical repair , the Policyholder must provide written confirmation of this from a repairer/dealer .
"' But I must ,'-- and the rope was once more drawn back for the stroke .
We must be eternally on our guard ; we must live the hunted life of two distinguished criminals .
For the world would not she have seemed to threaten me .-- Imagine the shock ; imagine how , till I had actually detected my own blunder , I raved at the blunders of the post .-- What was to be done ?-- One thing only .-- I must speak to my uncle .
It was a rugged finish for what must have been a very interesting night .
The king is reported as having told the clergy that they must reproach the practice ` vehemently and bitterly " , and if this did not succeed , he would take further measures .
For one thing it gives me the opportunity to write to you , and also I must have time to draw breath and come to terms with this astounding piece of good fortune that has befallen me . 
To you , for instance , the word innocence , in this connotation , probably retained its Biblical , or should I say technical sense , and therefore I suppose I must make myself quite clear by saying that I lost -- or rather handed over -- what you would have considered to be my innocence two weeks before I was legally entitled , and in fact by oath required , to hand it over along with what other goods and bads I had .
He must be a million years old .
Since the writer had not noticed this characteristic in married students scattered throughout the various sections previous to this experiment , nor , as a matter of fact , in those who were continuing in `` single sections '' , he can only conclude that there must have been something `` contagious '' within the specific group which caused this to occur .
The copy delivered to the Registrar must also be signed by the auditors .
He must be capable of designing for and supervising the manufacture of any craft materials needed in the furnishings '' .
But what must the hypocritical collusion of government officials in this illegal activity have done to the way corporate officials regard laws against corporate behaviour more generally ? 
Even Hudson , experienced in Arctic sailing and determined as he was , must have had qualms as he slid down the Thames .
But now that the question has ceased to be one of recognition , the theoretical possibility of rebuttal must exist .
19 : 19 A man of great wrath shall suffer punishment : for if thou deliver him , yet thou must do it again .
He thought it must be some damn janitor or cleaning woman puttering around , figuring that Hirey had gone off and forgotten to turn off everything and lock up .
You MUST have meant some mischief , or else you ' d have signed your name like an honest man .'
In case of accidents , however , I must bind you over to keep the peace ."
You know , on a particular occasion such as this , neighbours must help one another ."
No one could dispute her right to come ; the house was her husband ' s from the moment of his father ' s decease ; but the indelicacy of her conduct was so much the greater , and to a woman in Mrs . Dashwood ' s situation , with only common feelings , must have been highly unpleasing ;-- but in HER mind there was a sense of honor so keen , a generosity so romantic , that any offence of the kind , by whomsoever given or received , was to her a source of immoveable disgust .
The young , untrained dog must have chased them up to the edge of the pit , where they fell to their death . 
If Charnell houses , and our Graues must send Those that we bury , backe ; our Monuments Shall be the Mawes of Kytes
Older men are usually polygynous ; thus a youth rarely has available for marriage an age-mate female , and he must wait for a younger generation of females to mature before cohabitation with them . 
He must be pretty mad at her for not being at home when they arrived . 
If curve A in Figure 6.9 applies to Mercury then the erasure of craters must have occurred throughout a fairly extended period during the final stages of formation . 
Must the existence of God be probable , or can theism seek to defend its position against the improbability of God 's existence ? 
In granting bereavement leaves , specify the maximum time off and list what the worker's relation to the deceased must be to qualify .
But his is still a simple life relatively free of the female presence or influence , and he must go far , even though he may go fast , for sophisticated pleasures .
11 : 5 And if any man will hurt them , fire proceedeth out of their mouth , and devoureth their enemies : and if any man will hurt them , he must in this manner be killed .
" This ," said she , " is nearly the sense , or rather the meaning of the words , for certainly the sense of an Italian love - song must not be talked of , but it is as nearly the meaning as I can give ; for I do not pretend to understand the language .
In June 1968 , they produced a document that announced that young Americans must accept the need for ` armed struggle " . 
Each statement must be dated and signed by the maker and must contain a declaration that the maker believes the statement to be true and understands that it may be placed before the court . 
To return to Plutarch 's account , we must still explain why Kimon 's opponents waited , as they evidently did , till the cat was away .
But a man must wait until Osiris calls him . " 
Jane often says , when she is here , ` I am sure , grandmama , you must have had very strong eyes to see as you do -- and so much fine work as you have done too !-- I only wish my eyes may last me as well .'"
There must at least be a possibility that Penda 's decapitation by Oswiu was an avenging of Penda 's earlier dismemberment of Oswald 's Gody . 
You must convince , persuade , and hopefully guide the media to reflect your client 's point of view . 
and we must attend to it more closely than has usually been done .
Must I obserue you ?
Giving you a fair deal means that he should follow a reasonable procedure before taking a final decision that you must part company . 
" I am sure ," said she , " I have no doubt in the world of your faithfully keeping this secret , because you must know of what importance it is to us , not to have it reach his mother ; for she would never approve of it , I dare say .
It is a Creature that I teach to fight , To winde , to stop , to run directly on : His corporall Motion , gouern ' d by my Spirit , And in some taste , is Lepidus but so : He must be taught , and train ' d , and bid go forth : A barren spirited Fellow ; one that feeds On Obiects , Arts , and Imitations .
And when civil authority collapses in the face of an American assault , U. S. commanders must ensure the population is protected and fed , even if the offensive operations have not concluded , the manual says .
“ My good girl , you must be very naïve — as naïve , apparently , as my dear stepsister — if you think I 'd contemplate even for one moment sharing these very cramped quarters with you . 
Banks the Butcher took Meltzer the Scholar as an apprentice and he made it very clear that a man of learning must be able to do more than just quote the Commentaries of the Talmud in order to live .
However , in the actual assessment of the cutting force by instrumental methods for any thickness of coating a number of spurious effects occur which must be taken into account and which make the measured value larger than the true cutting force indicated by eqn. ( 1 ) .
" And when thou art so gone before -- if that ever befall -- then ere I can follow , thou must still appear to me , to pilot me still ?-- Was it not so ?
Though this sculpture must take place thirty-three years after her moment of decision , he could not conceive of her as a woman in her mid-fifties , old , wrinkled , broken in body and face by labor or worry .
It may be quicker for someone who hears well to reply , particularly when they know the answer and the question is unimportant , but this must be avoided at all cost . 
I might have sold it again , the next day , for more than I gave : but , with regard to the purchase - money , I might have been very unfortunate indeed ; for the stocks were at that time so low , that if I had not happened to have the necessary sum in my banker ' s hands , I must have sold out to very great loss ."
The quarrel ended in a ridiculous draw , but I must tell you about it .
On the top of this wall stood Harry Dunstaple , shouting and waving his sabre as if conducting an orchestra , shouting for the men to hasten , for the Cutcherry must be blown up before the charging enemy could reach it and disturb the train .
Yet the dog had grown old and less capable , and one day the gillie had come and explained with great sorrow that the dog had suffered a stroke , and must be put down . 
But first of all , you must tell me the name of the young lady I am going to talk about .
No one doubts the seriousness of the problems Mr Major must address , the recession foremost among them . 
We must go , for the Westons come to us next week you know .
Moscow and Kabul must have found that information useful .
You must know I have a vast dislike to puppies -- quite a horror of them .
Etna is ` tired and must be thirsty " , he said in a bitter , parting comment as he left his land . 
We must bee patient , but I cannot choose but weepe , to thinke they should lay him i ' th ' cold ground : My brother shall knowe of it , and so I thanke you for your good counsell .
Since a lower loop gain and low-pass filtering increases the response time , a practical compromise must be reached .
The woman was better off ; she might have the assistance of fine clothes , and the privilege of bashfulness , but the man had only his own good sense to depend on ; and when she considered how peculiarly unlucky poor Mr . Elton was in being in the same room at once with the woman he had just married , the woman he had wanted to marry , and the woman whom he had been expected to marry , she must allow him to have the right to look as little wise , and to be as much affectedly , and as little really easy as could be .
She might not wonder , but she must sigh that her father should feel no degradation in his change , should see nothing to regret in the duties and dignity of the resident landholder , should find so much to be vain of in the littlenesses of a town ; and she must sigh , and smile , and wonder too , as Elizabeth threw open the folding - doors and walked with exultation from one drawing - room to the other , boasting of their space ; at the possibility of that woman , who had been mistress of Kellynch Hall , finding extent to be proud of between two walls , perhaps thirty feet asunder .
' I must be getting somewhere near the centre of the earth .
` We must get back , " said Dorcas firmly . 
Large quantities of frozen food are nowadays delivered regularly to stores and the Service must ensure that the temperature of the stock at the time of delivery is correct before it goes into the cold store . 
He must be gone within a few hours , though without feeling any real alarm for his aunt , to lessen his repugnance .
I know perfectly well my own egotism , Know my omnivorous lines and must not write any less , And would fetch you whoever you are flush with myself .
" I must protest , President , that the thing is irregular ," he said .
The delightful family party which Emma was securing for herself , poor Harriet must , in mere charitable caution , be kept at a distance from .
The small shops `` must be retained , for they provide essential service to the community '' , according to the resolution , which added that they `` also are the source of livelihood for thousands of our neighbors '' .
On the negative side of the balance sheet must be set some disappointment that the United States leadership has not been as much in evidence as hoped for .
It is there and it must be allowed in '' .
If , however , by an unforeseen chance it should be in my power to serve him farther , I must think very differently of him from what I now do , if I am not as ready to be useful to him then as I sincerely wish I could be at present .
The existing reverence for Centrality must have been still further stimulated toward the close of the second century B.C. , when the Han Emperor Wu Ti ordered the dynastic color changed to yellow -- which symbolized the Center among the traditional Five Directions -- and took 5 as the dynastic number , believing that he would thus place himself , his imperial family , and the nation under the most auspicious influences .
Now , I 'll save your life , if I can , but it must be a bargain -- you must save Long John from dying under the law . ''
We must , nevertheless , beware of looking at Spain through Andalusian spectacles and generalizing from the violent and precarious structure of the latifundia districts . 
" I am afraid ," returned Emma , sighing , " that I must often have contributed to make her unhappy ."
If the weak must go to the wall , go to the wall !
In man , breathing is incessantly going on -- one breath only serving for two or three pulsations ; so that whatever other business he has to attend to , waking or sleeping , breathe he must , or die he will .
But both are things we must be prepared to do on occasion , and both are preferable to staying at home and watching a lot of odious rubbish on television .
Mr Harrogate answered nothing ; so the words must have had some meaning .
She must wait a moment , or he would think her mad .
This whale is not dead ; he is only dispirited ; out of sorts , perhaps ; hypochondriac ; and so supine , that the hinges of his jaw have relaxed , leaving him there in that ungainly sort of plight , a reproach to all his tribe , who must , no doubt , imprecate lock - jaws upon him .
My Lords , section 87 does not stipulate that the successor must have resided at a particular house for 12 months but only that he should have resided with the deceased tenant for that period . 
" I am sure I don ' t want to protect criminals or go against the law ; but I must tell you that these gentlemen have done me a considerable service ; you won ' t mind drawing your men a little farther off while I say good night to them .
for famous you must be to satisfy all your family ; and with no inclination for expense , no affection for strangers , no profession , and no assurance , you may find it a difficult matter ."
Those facing TITO forces must surrender to TITO . "
If you had asked him about education , he would have said that the young must be trained up in habits of industry and of respect for their parents .
The driver must obey lawful instructions on what he does and also on ` the manner of his doing it " . 
What follows must be speculative in nature until the Cheka archives for 1921-2 are opened up , since matters are involved which would never have been aired publicly .
But the metamorphosis must come first .
`` It must be awfully good for them .
The monkey was enveloped by the musty darkness of a coarse woollen bag . 
The design must captivate the audience . 
We must have the whole of this matter out thoroughly before we go a step farther .
The affair is the noisiest clash ( so far ) in what must surely be the longest-running takeover battle in business history . 
We must have some conception of how other people feel . 
" That ' s the lady ' s bell , and we must go ," said the blunt chimney - sweeper .
I know you are doing that , but you must put it into words .
It must be remembered , however , that there are many agents for which there is no solid immunity and a partial or low-grade immunity may be broken by an appropriate dose of agent .
Dawn 's words re-echoed in her mind , in spite of the fact that Robert had derided them so vehemently , and she felt that she must always be on her guard . 
Letters requiring a personal reply must be accompanied by a stamped self-addressed envelop or a self addressed envelope and international reply coupons . 
I must clean myself up and get some lunch — I have a meeting on grading with various people up the road in the Civil Service Commission at quarter past two …
In the very off chance that you come across archaeological finds such as ancient anchors , wine - jars , even sculpture , they must be reported to local municipal authorities .
Manual leveling is inconvenient if the platform must be maintained accurately level for any prolonged period of time .
The public pays and must be served well ."
` There must be serious doubts as to whether he is strong enough to shift the party behind him . " 
It had been a very happy fortnight , and forlorn must be the sinking from it into the common course of Hartfield days .
He does what he can and may and must , without regarding himself as lord of the future or , on the other hand , as covered with guilt by accident or unforeseen consequences or by results he did not `` permit '' in the sense explained .
Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres has told Arafat he must disarm the group and arrest its leaders if he wants to remain a credible peace partner .
I must confess I gobbled the meat down and I did n't notice the bone until it was too late . 
Quiney was in London again in June , 1601 , and in November , when he rode up , as Shakespeare must often have done , by way of Oxford , High Wycombe , and Uxbridge , and home through Aylesbury and Banbury .
In order to form a new government it must deal with one of the two rival parties which gained strength .
They are certain there must be a number of people who could benefit . 
Here , we must go through this gateway , into the inn - yard ; we are come to the ' Dun Cow .'"
" Well ," said she to herself , " this is most strange !-- After I had got him off so well , to chuse to go into company , and leave Harriet ill behind !-- Most strange indeed !-- But there is , I believe , in many men , especially single men , such an inclination -- such a passion for dining out -- a dinner engagement is so high in the class of their pleasures , their employments , their dignities , almost their duties , that any thing gives way to it -- and this must be the case with Mr . Elton ; a most valuable , amiable , pleasing young man undoubtedly , and very much in love with Harriet ; but still , he cannot refuse an invitation , he must dine out wherever he is asked .
If you received it on a physical medium , you must return it with your note , and such person may choose to alternatively give you a replacement copy .
An airing in the Hartfield carriage would have been the rack , and arrowroot from the Hartfield storeroom must have been poison .
Livestock must be tended every day , routinely .
1 : 21 Wherefore of these men which have companied with us all the time that the Lord Jesus went in and out among us , 1 : 22 Beginning from the baptism of John , unto that same day that he was taken up from us , must one be ordained to be a witness with us of his resurrection .
" That cow must be stuck mighty tight "; and he drove his tail deep in the water , and gave a marvellous pull .
Mrs . Ferrars is certainly nothing to me at present -- but the time MAY come -- how soon it will come must depend upon herself -- when we may be very intimately connected ."
These programs are volumes of waste paper and lost hours if the citizens of a community must stand aside while land developers tell them when , where , and in what manner the community shall grow .
" No , no , you must not ; you shall not , indeed ."
At present if either the applicant or the council ( though not objectors ) insist , a public inquiry must be held .
That mortal man should feed upon the creature that feeds his lamp , and , like Stubb , eat him by his own light , as you may say ; this seems so outlandish a thing that one must needs go a little into the history and philosophy of it .
He contends this idea doesn't conflict with experiments on which the principle of conservation of matter and energy is based because some slight error must be assumed in such experiments .
Dunadd fort clings to an isolated rocky hillock near Kilmartin , starkly visible from the road between Lochgilphead and Oban , above what must once have been a naturally protective boggy valley . 
You must be in a position to support your mother if anything should befall myself . 
Simon must never doubt who his son is . 
We must work at this thing ; I do not believe that it is without solution . " 
The landed property of Hartfield certainly was inconsiderable , being but a sort of notch in the Donwell Abbey estate , to which all the rest of Highbury belonged ; but their fortune , from other sources , was such as to make them scarcely secondary to Donwell Abbey itself , in every other kind of consequence ; and the Woodhouses had long held a high place in the consideration of the neighbourhood which Mr . Elton had first entered not two years ago , to make his way as he could , without any alliances but in trade , or any thing to recommend him to notice but his situation and his civility .-- But he had fancied her in love with him ; that evidently must have been his dependence ; and after raving a little about the seeming incongruity of gentle manners and a conceited head , Emma was obliged in common honesty to stop and admit that her own behaviour to him had been so complaisant and obliging , so full of courtesy and attention , as ( supposing her real motive unperceived ) might warrant a man of ordinary observation and delicacy , like Mr . Elton , in fancying himself a very decided favourite .
This rule is the bane of fiction writers , who must take special care to ensure that the more villainous characters in their plots can not be mistaken for living persons . 
continued Mrs . Palmer --" then it must be some other place that is so pretty I suppose ."
The time approaches , That will with due decision make vs know What we shall say we haue , and what we owe : Thoughts speculatiue , their vnsure hopes relate , But certaine issue , stroakes must arbitrate , Towards which , aduance the warre .
A man must have used most fiendish treachery or most savage and amazing bodily daring to have stormed such a wall in spite of an armed man ."
But you must look at this matter in every light .
` Against the background of human disunity the arduous journey to Christian unity must be pursued with determination and vigour , whatever obstacles are perceived to block the path . 
There must be evidence adduced from which a conclusion can properly and genuinely be drawn that a contract existed and that the place of performance was the country in which the action was brought .
It is not enough to enlarge a peasant 's piece of land , he must have the wherewithal to cultivate it .
" This wood must be rotten ," said Flambeau .
" You must come with me to Carlo ' s , and see how I spend my evenings ; then complain of me , if you can ."
It turns out that the work that must be done , hence the energy utilized , equals the work that can later be extracted from the system after the fast and slow particles are separated into the two boxes .
I mention these features of the book because they are inherent in the book's character and therefore must be mentioned .
I must wash myself with warm water and soap ; find a sharp scissors and put it in boiling water for fifteen minutes ; get clean sheets to lie on ; sip liquids ; and relax .
" I must spend some time with them ; I am sure they will want it ;-- afterwards I may probably be glad to dispose of myself .
It must be possible to write sections of text to external files without change to the original and to insert text from external sources at any desired position . 
In order to use any selected function Enter key must be pressed and the function will operate as long as the stylus is depressed--releasing it cancels the function .
In the first instance , adequate appropriate reading materials and library accommodations must be planned .
A dinner there must be .
When making a pressed flower mirror you must ensure that you choose a fairly sturdy frame , with a reasonable depth of rebate .
Assuredly , we must conclude so , if we are to credit the accounts of such gentlemen as Pliny , and the ancient naturalists generally .
And in the present instance , all this was heightened by the sight of the two officers of the strange ship , leaning over the side , by the perpendicular ladder of nailed cleets there , and swinging towards him a pair of tastefully - ornamented man - ropes ; for at first they did not seem to bethink them that a one - legged man must be too much of a cripple to use their sea bannisters .
From what we have proposed as speakers ' topics in conversational discourse , it must occasionally happen that there are at least two versions of ` What I think we 're talking about " which are potentially incompatible . 
It must be affordable to those who are responsible for financing it ( for example , the government or the local people ) . 
But her thoughts were brought to an abrupt end , as she descried two figures on their way up the path , and knew she must vacate the viewpoint for Rosie and her Francisco . 
He added : ` As a community , we must do all in our power to encourage the planting of new trees and preserve our existing tree and woodlands . " 
What say you both to our collecting the same party , and exploring to Box Hill again , while the fine weather lasts ?-- It must be the same party , you know , quite the same party , not _one_ exception ."
All must be done with the required ceremony .
ye have heard of him before ; ye must remember his tambourine on that dramatic midnight , so gloomy - jolly .
Such a leader must strengthen NATO politically , and establish that true unity about which it has always talked .
Anne had never submitted more reluctantly to the jealous and ill - judging claims of Mary ; but so it must be , and they set off for the town , Charles taking care of his sister , and Captain Benwick attending to her .
Poor old John , I have a great regard for him ; he was clerk to my poor father twenty - seven years ; and now , poor old man , he is bed - ridden , and very poorly with the rheumatic gout in his joints -- I must go and see him to - day ; and so will Jane , I am sure , if she gets out at all .
` I must warn you that any mention of Clare agitates your grandmother . 
She must have seen the ring on my left hand .
She began to think that be must be in liquor ;-- the strangeness of such a visit , and of such manners , seemed no otherwise intelligible ; and with this impression she immediately rose , saying ,
this must be the very shop that every body attends every day of their lives , as my father informs me .
They must have been close to the same age , but Sandra looked very young , like a petulant child wearing the costume of a grown woman . 
His lamp had gone out and while he was relighting it , our car must have passed and he fired his rifle vaguely in our direction . 
if she told anyone of the opium it must be Lucien , her husband .
Some parents leap forward eagerly and some must be dragged to the battle lines . 
Anne herself would have found the mortifications of it more than she foresaw , and to Sir Walter ' s feelings they must have been dreadful .
" You are very good .-- The future must be my proof .
It is here that the ecumenical must become local and the local become ecumenical .
I am advised to be out of doors as much as I can , I must walk somewhere , and the post - office is an object ; and upon my word , I have scarcely ever had a bad morning before ."
A student to be eligible for the captaincy of any Carleton team must have a scholastic record of at least 1.00 .
He must be careful .
I have heard him speak , and so must you , so very highly of Jane Fairfax !
Truly , sir , if it comes to that , I must calculate over again ; I think I didn ' t carry a small figure , sir .
To normalise 1 , the lexical roots must be altered , as no adjustment of closed set items has a noticeable effect : He exhaled a carcinogenic puff of smoke . 
" I must show this stupid man where to go ," said Aurora in a whisper to Seymour , and ran out to the threshold to speed the parting guest .
His companion was much younger , perhaps no older than herself , fair , very good-looking , blue-eyed , with the sort of open face that persuades you its possessor must be gentle and kind .
" I was thinking about it , boy , myself ," said the butcher ; " it ' s a sin to kill a PET LAMB , I ' m thinking -- any way , it ' s what I ' m not used to , and don ' t fancy doing , and I ' ll go and say as much to Attorney Case ; but he ' s a hard man ; there ' s but one way to deal with him , and that ' s the way I must take , though so be I shall be the loser thereby ; but we ' ll say nothing to the boys , for fear it might be the thing would not take ; and then it would be worse again to poor Susan , who is a good girl , and always was , as well as she may , being of a good breed , and well reared from the first ."
there is no one point in a man's career at which he must select either the technical or the managerial path upward .
Let not Starbuck die , if die he must , in a woman ' s fainting fit .
But you must not expect to succeed all at once .
She does not know how to hold her tongue , as you must perceive , and I am sure I was in the greatest fright in the world t ' other day , when Edward ' s name was mentioned by Sir John , lest she should out with it all .
For punched-card or tape storage of information all literature values must be conformed to a common language .
There must be three months , at least , of deep mourning ; but when they are over , I imagine there will be nothing more to wait for ."
Today the Negro must discover his role in an industrialized South , which indicates that the racial aspect of the Southern dilemma hasn't changed radically , but rather has gradually come to be reflected in this new context , this new coat of paint .
By that time , it was beginning to hold up , and I was determined that nothing should stop me from getting away -- and then -- only think !-- I found he was coming up towards me too -- slowly you know , and as if he did not quite know what to do ; and so he came and spoke , and I answered -- and I stood for a minute , feeling dreadfully , you know , one can ' t tell how ; and then I took courage , and said it did not rain , and I must go ; and so off I set ; and I had not got three yards from the door , when he came after me , only to say , if I was going to Hartfield , he thought I had much better go round by Mr . Cole ' s stables , for I should find the near way quite floated by this rain .
You must always stand so that you face the opponent because this is the position from which you can launch the maximum number of powerful attacks and place your opponent at a disadvantage . 
Give me my bow , for I must go out upon the Downs and practise ."
said Alice ; ' I must be shutting up like a telescope .'
She must see more of him to understand his ways ; at present she only felt they were agreeable .
However , it must be remembered that the Chinese communists resembled the Kuomintang in using captured Japanese personnel for their own purposes after 1945 and indeed during the Chinese intervention in Korea from October 1950 .
But most of all he listened to a merry , low , silvery laugh that never stopped but went on and on , until he just felt as if he must laugh too .
There must be ample room in it for every real comfort .
and both believed that intellectual growth must go hand in hand with the development of sturdy character and Christian zeal .
" I think , Elinor ," she presently added , " we must employ Edward to take care of us in our return to Barton .
She must not walk ."
For to go as a passenger you must needs have a purse , and a purse is but a rag unless you have something in it .
There were also remnants of late bluebells which were well past their best but must have been magnificent in spring .
I ' ll get the money back from him , and go myself , if so be it must be so , into the militia -- so I will ."
but , he held , instead of continuing as an `` art of reduction '' , it must grow , must make a place for the contributions of the Raphaels and Poussins as well as for those of the early cubists and Mondrian .
No longer can the worth of an investment proposal be evaluated by looking at the immediate terms of the deal : the longer lasting impact of the structure of alliances must also be taken into account .
To get his majority , the general must allocate big chunks of land inside his putative homeland to ` black nations " . 
He is so very strict and scrupulous in his notions ; over - scrupulous I must say .
Mrs . Cole was telling that she had been calling on Miss Bates , and as soon as she entered the room had been struck by the sight of a pianoforte -- a very elegant looking instrument -- not a grand , but a large - sized square pianoforte ; and the substance of the story , the end of all the dialogue which ensued of surprize , and inquiry , and congratulations on her side , and explanations on Miss Bates ' s , was , that this pianoforte had arrived from Broadwood ' s the day before , to the great astonishment of both aunt and niece -- entirely unexpected ; that at first , by Miss Bates ' s account , Jane herself was quite at a loss , quite bewildered to think who could possibly have ordered it -- but now , they were both perfectly satisfied that it could be from only one quarter ;-- of course it must be from Colonel Campbell .
That is what happened , and we now realise that we must take away from such authorities that most unjust tool with which they managed to acquire electoral support that they did not deserve and have unscrupulously used . 
Must we barely arrive at this beginning of us ?
The new fact the initiates of this cult have to learn is that they must move toward simplicity .
" You do not appear so well satisfied with his letter as I am ; but still you must , at least I hope you must , think the better of him for it .
for you must justify me .
The Afrikaner must end his reliance on others . ''
5 I believe in you my soul , the other I am must not abase itself to you , And you must not be abased to the other .
13 : 7 And when ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars , be ye not troubled : for such things must needs be ; but the end shall not be yet .
Surely it must be as easy to microwave a portion of baked beans right , as it is to microwave it wrong , so why do the beans always arrive congealed and with a skin on them ? 
Musgrove , either you or I must go ."
It must have been heartbreaking for people who had been through sensational experiences to have to recount them to politely tepid audiences and to discover that their stories conformed to an orthodox pattern . 
The countryside became more deserted , farmsteads and villages more sparse as they approached the green mass of trees on the far horizon which Corbett knew must be the great Forest of Ettrick . 
Consider , now , how it must be in the case of four boats all engaging one unusually strong , active , and knowing whale ; when owing to these qualities in him , as well as to the thousand concurring accidents of such an audacious enterprise , eight or ten loose second irons may be simultaneously dangling about him .
You must also wear a car coat .
The Commission must copy a notification to the relevant authorities in the member states and provided that it is complete , immediately publish brief details of it in the Official Journal . 
There must be specific suspicions that the solicitor would behave improperly . 
Often the historian must consider the use of intuition or instinct by those individuals or nations which he is studying .
First , it means that there must be some form of cost/benefit analysis , however distasteful it is to assign money values to life or ill-health . 
" We must go ," said Sir John .--" It shall not be put off when we are so near it .
" I must see Captain Benwick before I decide ," said Lady Russell , smiling .
`` The flames must have been 80ft ( 25 meters ) in the air , and the road caught fire --- it was flaming up through the concrete , a mass of flames , '' hr said .
But if no two lines of the regulus of multiple secants of **zg can intersect , then the regulus must be quadratic , or in other words , **zg must be either a Af or a Af curve on a nonsingular quadric surface .
We must avoid the notion , suggested to some people by examples such as those just mentioned , that ideas are `` units '' in some way comparable to coins or counters that can be passed intact from one group of people to another or even , for that matter , from one individual to another .
Doubt not but that sin Will reign among them , as of thee begot ; And therefore was law given them , to evince Their natural pravity , by stirring up Sin against law to fight : that when they see Law can discover sin , but not remove , Save by those shadowy expiations weak , The blood of bulls and goats , they may conclude Some blood more precious must be paid for Man ; Just for unjust ; that , in such righteousness To them by faith imputed , they may find Justification towards God , and peace Of conscience ; which the law by ceremonies Cannot appease ; nor Man the mortal part Perform ; and , not performing , cannot live .
Frequently , the message must be changed at intervals to feature new products , price changes , etc. .
My anguish must have shown in my face and in my voice . 
All honour to the Enderbies , therefore , whose house , I think , exists to the present day ; though doubtless the original Samuel must long ago have slipped his cable for the great South Sea of the other world .
Now Af and Af must both be tangent points on the T component in the f-plane ; ;
" This sensation of listlessness , weariness , stupidity , this disinclination to sit down and employ myself , this feeling of every thing ' s being dull and insipid about the house !-- I must be in love ; I should be the oddest creature in the world if I were not -- for a few weeks at least .
must ye then perish , and without me ?
Your savings must total less than £6,000 though £1 of ‘ notional income ’ is added in when working out your income level for every £250 ( or part thereof ) of savings over £3,000 .
The child to be born at Randalls must be a tie there even dearer than herself ; and Mrs . Weston ' s heart and time would be occupied by it .
Let him communicate with her by letter , if he must : let solicitors arrange money matters .
" And now that I understand your question , I must pronounce it to be a very unfair one .
I mean the men who must have known the truth .
With the infill piece in place , turning the vee berths in the forecabin into a double , one must dress in the lobby . 
I absolutely must show you , some day , to my friend Lady Battersby ; you ' d absolutely make her die with laughing ; and she ' d quite adore you ," said Mrs . Theresa , who was well aware that every pause must be filled with flattery .
I must see to the deck here .
" If the White Whale be raised , it must be in a month and a day , when the sun stands in some one of these signs .
This kind of mutuality can certainly happen between friends , though there must be a clear understanding by each as to the nature of the exercise , a proper respect for confidences and for each other 's judgment . 
The failure of other countries to confirm their claims must disappoint US military experts , however . 
Nor can I think that God , Creator wise , Though threatening , will in earnest so destroy Us his prime creatures , dignified so high , Set over all his works ; which in our fall , For us created , needs with us must fail , Dependant made ; so God shall uncreate , Be frustrate , do , undo , and labour lose ; Not well conceived of God , who , though his power Creation could repeat , yet would be loth Us to abolish , lest the Adversary Triumph , and say ; " Fickle their state whom God " Most favours ; who can please him long ?
` You must n't hit people in the stomach . 
Hence , in the English , this thing of whaling good cheer is not normal and natural , but incidental and particular ; and , therefore , must have some special origin , which is here pointed out , and will be still further elucidated .
His immediate motive for doing this may not have been directly inspired by the Lo Shu , but this measure must inevitably have increased the existing beliefs in the latter's efficacy .
If you want to suspend this policy you must send your certificate of motor insurance back to us .
A television producer in an agency must combine technical skill and judgement with meticulous administration , financial acumen and considerable tact , particularly when working with the agency creative team . 
From here they must await their wave , drop into it , and be swept beneath the overhang into the cave where they grope around in total darkness filling their bags with birds ' nests . 
` I have seven hundred and seventy Swiss francs left , " said Adam , thumbing through some notes , ` and while we 're here I must get my mother a box of decent liqueur chocolates . 
said I to myself , Must I indeed learn to chant the cold dirges of the baffled ?
We must make it possible .
The next remove was to the house ; they must all go in and eat ;-- and they were all seated and busy , and still Frank Churchill did not come .
Unreported alimony income can be spotted by computer because a payer of alimony -LRB- who gets a deduction -RRB- must report the former spouse 's Social Security number .
`` I must hurry to catch my train '' .
Mr . Weston must be between forty and fifty ."
His good looks and his rank had one fair claim on his attachment ; since to them he must have owed a wife of very superior character to any thing deserved by his own .
PERUGIA , Italy ( AP ) --- Giulio Andreotti was questioned Thursday for three hours by a judge who must decide whether the former premier should be tried for the murder of a journalist .
' If I eat one of these cakes ,' she thought , ' it ' s sure to make SOME change in my size ; and as it can ' t possibly make me larger , it must make me smaller , I suppose .'
We must now retrace our way a little .
The colliery which employs 730 men at Newton-le-Willows , is one of the ten the government claims must be closed because they are uneconomic . 
Now we must observe , that Rosamond ' s father had not been too severe upon Bell when he called her a silly girl .
He guessed that , if anything , he must look like an under-steward employed in a moderately well-off family . 
cried Mary ; " it must be our cousin ; it must be our Mr Elliot , it must , indeed !
`` The market must have turned up and down 15 different times , '' commented Lance Zipper , head of OTC trading at Kidder Peabody .
The police must surely have carried out a more thorough examination of the rooms since the discovery of the body .
Non - overlapping endpoints Although the benefits associated with each individual health endpoint may be analyzed separately , care must be exercised in selecting health endpoints to include in the overall benefits analysis because of the possibility of double counting of benefits .
Their interesting , almost too interesting conversation must be broken up for a time , but slight was the penance compared with the happiness which brought it on !
The next night the little Larks were quite trembling with fear ; the moment their mother got home they cried out , " Mother , you must surely move us to - night !
Minors minors must also file returns if they earn $600 or more during the year .
The airlines insist the pilots must submit their claim to the regulated wage-fixing system , under whose guidelines most pay rises are now limited to 6 per cent .
And all must love the human form , In heathen , Turk , or Jew .
All of this must be taken into account before the image of an `` all-Negro '' D.C. public school system is conjured up .
From the outset of a transformational-change effort , information must flow freely between and among the different parts of the organization . 
Just as in the case of every prodigy child , we must watch for the efficacy of my teaching to show up in the future -- if he should master all the strenuous exercises I inflicted on him .
Must I bouge ?
Now times have changed , and I must pretend that hair doesn't grow on my face .
Under this legislation , a woman must be informed 24 hours before the operation of the details of the procedure and its risks .
They had left Louisa beginning to sit up ; but her head , though clear , was exceedingly weak , and her nerves susceptible to the highest extreme of tenderness ; and though she might be pronounced to be altogether doing very well , it was still impossible to say when she might be able to bear the removal home ; and her father and mother , who must return in time to receive their younger children for the Christmas holidays , had hardly a hope of being allowed to bring her with them .
While Serb forces prevented foreign journalists from ascertaining the fate of ethnic Albanians inside Kosovo , American leftists held up images of Serb civilian casualties as proof that the bombing was wrong and must be stopped .
" Why MUST he ?"
Now , if there be any comfort for all your miserable progeny of morbid apes , it must be in the earth , underneath you , under the roots of the grass , in the place where hell was of old .
So the ` markers " of good judgement and the rules that are really important must become so ingrained that children have their own discretion and a conscience to ` remind " them of right and wrong . 
But be it sweetness or be it stupidity in her -- quickness of friendship , or dulness of feeling -- there was one person , I think , who must have felt it : Miss Fairfax herself .
Some machines have an automatic thread-trimmer to do this step ; if not , then the threads must be cut and the finished work put in an appropriate pile to be tied together when all the pieces of the bundle have been finished .
If you 're a school governor or a member of a P T A or just a parent , you must demand that the real facts of life and death are part of sex and hygiene education . 
Now get you to my Ladies Chamber , and tell her , let her paint an inch thicke , to this fauour she must come .
Even the most eloquent Orthodox theologians insisted that the ineffable God , a mystery which transcended all human words and concepts , must be approached in the darkness of silence .
He had met with them in a little perplexity , which must be laid before Emma .
With new mechanization the modern farmer must perform the work of six men : a machine stands between the agrarian and his soil .
" You must know the moor like the back of your hand . " 
Another factor must have been the eventual disposal of Willis' fortune ; ;
" Your expenses both in town and country must certainly be considerable ; but your income is a large one ."
If his peers were equal there to the King , then the King must be seen to match them in knowledge , and to give his judgments without leaning on the advice of a mentor .
It must have been from attachment only , that she could be led to form the engagement .
The historian can only point out those lines which were major enough to find reflection in our limited evidence , and must hope that future excavations will enrich our understanding .
For them , it must be almost a relief to walk around listening to the cocks crowing or the cows mooing -- it must help to keep them sane . 
You must have been heartbroken . " 
We must do still more , and we shall . 
" I think she must be here soon ," said he .
The pearls -- fake though they must be -- added a glow which echoed the delight in her face . 
The plaintiff must file in the court office a request for the issue of a summons .
14 : 21 And when they had preached the gospel to that city , and had taught many , they returned again to Lystra , and to Iconium , and Antioch , 14 : 22 Confirming the souls of the disciples , and exhorting them to continue in the faith , and that we must through much tribulation enter into the kingdom of God .
Any failure to file timely returns or make estimated tax payments when due must be fully explained .
Hence it follows that the involution within the bundle must be a perspective De Jonquieres involution of order Af and the invariant locus must have a multiple line of multiplicity either Af or Af .
She disciplined herself daily to do what must be done .
If all took place that might take place among the circle of her friends , Hartfield must be comparatively deserted ; and she left to cheer her father with the spirits only of ruined happiness .
He was cut short by the eager attacks of the little boys , clinging to him like an old friend , and declaring he should not go ; and being too much engrossed by proposals of carrying them away in his coat pockets , & c ., to have another moment for finishing or recollecting what he had begun , Anne was left to persuade herself , as well as she could , that the same brother must still be in question .
When , as must happen , you have to let me go for lack of evidence , I shall go to Cambridge to recuperate from my ordeal . 
As he left that all-too-familiar graveyard and tramped home through the snow , Charles the Cheesemonger must have thought that the century was drawing to an unpropitious end indeed . 
According to this law , both partners in a marriage have a duty to help each other , must share the housework and have the same obligations and duties concerning the raising and education of their children . 
It is difficult to say what can be done about them except that we must learn to recognize when it is they , rather than pretexts for them , that are causing the trouble , and do everything possible to nurture the healthy personalities that will prevent the development of such deficiencies .
He knew well enough that some one must have picked them -- for whoever heard of blueberries growing in tin pails ?
` It ca n't be helped , it must be done , " he said after they had eaten and rested . 
Jane Austen said , ` It is a truth universally acknowledged , that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife . " 
Mrs. Molvar , who kept reiterating her request that they `` please take a stand '' , said , `` We must have faith in somebody -- on the local level , and it wouldn't be possible for everyone to rush to a school to get their children '' .
` The assassin must have been lying on the ground or Father standing on some steps ? 
Yes , as Sparrowes , Eagles ; Or the Hare , the Lyon : If I say sooth , I must report they were As Cannons ouer - charg ' d with double Cracks , So they doubly redoubled stroakes vpon the Foe : Except they meant to bathe in reeking Wounds , Or memorize another Golgotha , I cannot tell : but I am faint , My Gashes cry for helpe
He rubs his nose and fiddles with his ear , he must be insecure ! " we say . 
`` We have no reason to fear failure , but we must be extraordinarily patient '' , the assistant secretary said .
`` We were on our vacation in Canada '' , Howard explained , in a muffled voice that must have been used to booming , `` and the news didn't catch up with us till we were nearly home .
WHEN AN IRA OWNER dies , the trustee of the individual retirement account must file forms 5498 reporting market values relating to the decedent and each beneficiary , with copies to the executor and beneficiaries .
State and local agencies in the vocational education field must be encouraged to adopt a wider outlook on future job opportunities .
I was reading it to Mrs . Cole , and since she went away , I was reading it again to my mother , for it is such a pleasure to her -- a letter from Jane -- that she can never hear it often enough ; so I knew it could not be far off , and here it is , only just under my huswife -- and since you are so kind as to wish to hear what she says ;-- but , first of all , I really must , in justice to Jane , apologise for her writing so short a letter -- only two pages you see -- hardly two -- and in general she fills the whole paper and crosses half .
At various points the text is misleading — for instance , ‘ if a child is born stillborn , a baptism must be carried out … by a senior nurse or a Catholic nurse . ’ 
One must be prepared to contemplate biblical material as dispassionately as one might contemplate chronicles pertaining to Caesar , or Alexander — or Cortés . 
It is not so much the Western origin of new component technologies as their gestation in the West 's civilian sectors which must pose the most vexing questions for Soviet policy makers and their orthodoxies . 
A reasonable visit paid , Mr . Weston began to move .--" He must be going .
One of the most charming portraits in the gallery must be that by K. of Marie Maximiliýn of Sternberg in pastoral costume . 
I do n't … you must n't — ” she jabbered . 
He must be miserable . " 
Yet in the contemporary context this is precisely what one must not do .
We _must_ fight this thing out somewhere ; because , as you truly say , we have found each other ' s reality .
` But I really must insist . " 
Touring on the Riviera was a must for the well-to-do of the 1920s and '30s . 
Steinberg obviously has concluded that it is the lyric element which must dominate in this score , and he manages at times to create the effect of the whole orchestra bursting into song .
Therefore the laudable desire to contextualise the message must not be pressed to provide a carte blanche advocacy of every aspect of a particular culture . 
I must admit to liking Wadkin . 
If it is owned , taxes must be paid , and if the place is not free of mortgage , there will be interest and payments on the principal to take care of .
Part-time farmers generally must pay higher prices for supplies than full-time farmers because they buy in smaller quantities .
Dreams that display events of the future with photographic detail call for a theory explaining their basic mystery and all its components , including that weird feeling of deja vue , inevitably fantastic though that theory must seem .
10 : 9 And Moses said , We will go with our young and with our old , with our sons and with our daughters , with our flocks and with our herds will we go ; for we must hold a feast unto the LORD .
And it ' s time you had a treat , Audrey ; you mustn ' t be a housekeeper every hour of the day ; and I know you want to hear the music ."
They are still considered to be for use in restricted waters , however , and targets must come within a few yards of them .
In case of public tender , the invitation must be published in at least two daily newspapers with national circulation .
As we glided nearer , the stranger showed French colours from his peak ; and by the eddying cloud of vulture sea - fowl that circled , and hovered , and swooped around him , it was plain that the whale alongside must be what the fishermen call a blasted whale , that is , a whale that has died unmolested on the sea , and so floated an unappropriated corpse .
Astronomers may travel into the depths of space and time , but on their return they must still convince their colleagues of the truth of what they saw . 
Charles decided he must talk to her when the opportunity arose . 
This may mean ignoring the frequent assertion by critics that in adventure stones character must be subordinate to action . 
Mando , pleading her cause , must have said that Dr. Brown was the most distinguished physician in the United States of America , for our man poured out his symptoms and drew a madly waving line indicating the irregularity of his pulse .
What is important to stress , however , is that the operation of a professional system of norms is a pre-requisite to identifying and examining the tacit assumptions which must already guide the investigation of crime .
" Certainly ," answered Elinor , without knowing what she said ; but after a moment ' s reflection , she added , with revived security of Edward ' s honour and love , and her companion ' s falsehood --" Engaged to Mr . Edward Ferrars !-- I confess myself so totally surprised at what you tell me , that really -- I beg your pardon ; but surely there must be some mistake of person or name .
Thee in thy future , Thee in thy only permanent life , career , thy own unloosen ' d mind , thy soaring spirit , Thee as another equally needed sun , radiant , ablaze , swift - moving , fructifying all , Thee risen in potent cheerfulness and joy , in endless great hilarity , Scattering for good the cloud that hung so long , that weigh ' d so long upon the mind of man , The doubt , suspicion , dread , of gradual , certain decadence of man ; Thee in thy larger , saner brood of female , male -- thee in thy athletes , moral , spiritual , South , North , West , East , ( To thy immortal breasts , Mother of All , thy every daughter , son , endear ' d alike , forever equal ,) Thee in thy own musicians , singers , artists , unborn yet , but certain , Thee in thy moral wealth and civilization , ( until which thy proudest material civilization must remain in vain ,) Thee in thy all - supplying , all - enclosing worship -- thee in no single bible , saviour , merely , Thy saviours countless , latent within thyself , thy bibles incessant within thyself , equal to any , divine as any , ( Thy soaring course thee formulating , not in thy two great wars , nor in thy century ' s visible growth , But far more in these leaves and chants , thy chants , great Mother !)
Then suddenly she became aware of how inelegant she must look , sprawled there with her skirt up around her hips and her bra dangling out of her open blouse . 
You will say that I am quite an invalid , and go no where , and therefore must decline their obliging invitation ; beginning with my _compliments_ , of course .
The program designer takes charge of the production of the computer program for the unit which must achieve a presentation that allows the educational objectives to be reached .
She would have ordered the carriage , and come to you , but she must see you _alone_ , and that you know --( nodding towards her father )-- Humph !-- Can you come ?"
He considered his disposition as of the sort which must suffer heavily , uniting very strong feelings with quiet , serious , and retiring manners , and a decided taste for reading , and sedentary pursuits .
After storage , care must be taken not to chill tubers during grading and transportation to the factory . 
It must be very clever , or he would not have brought it .
Who can tell how appalling to the wounded whale must have been such huge phantoms flitting over his head !
With bent head and half - slouched hat he continued to pace , unmindful of the wondering whispering among the men ; till Stubb cautiously whispered to Flask , that Ahab must have summoned them there for the purpose of witnessing a pedestrian feat .
I think we must chuck it up and apologize to old Carrots ."
In the absence of a full index , users must be sure of selecting the appropriate main class before consulting the index of a specific class . 
The phones ringing on each floor must have awakened Anna , for she could hear bare feet padding overhead . 
You really must improve your vocabulary . " 
But a week must pass ; only a week , in Anne ' s reckoning , and then , she supposed , they must meet ; and soon she began to wish that she could feel secure even for a week .
1 : 22 And ye came near unto me every one of you , and said , We will send men before us , and they shall search us out the land , and bring us word again by what way we must go up , and into what cities we shall come .
Secondly , banks must maintain an adequate degree of liquidity , i.e. cash , to meet customers ' cash withdrawals . 
Seeing my disappointment he winked an eye and said , ` Well , I must admit that it makes a good story " . 
There had also been a man who must have had St. Vitus or something , because he kept jerking his head .
Ever since 1969 , when he had his first show , his cartoonish black-and-white paintings have managed to comment without mercy or a smidgen of socially redeeming tact on , among other things , men 's -- and women 's -- looks ( Warhol 's nosejob painting must be an important icon in his private gallery ) ; issues of health ( a hilarious series of men in the throes of having heart attacks ) ; bestiality ( pert Fifties housewife on her knees doing something unspeakable to a poodle with her arm ) and religion ( famous Biblical figure on the cross getting a pie in the face ) . 
I never saw any thing so outree !-- Those curls !-- This must be a fancy of her own .
After the Oval Test David Gower murmured that West Indies must be ` quaking in their boots " at the thought of England 's forthcoming visit , a characteristically ironic piece of Gower humour . 
Mrs . Weston said no more ; and Emma could imagine with what surprize and mortification she must be returning to her seat .
Sir Walter talked of his youngest daughter ; " Mr Elliot must give him leave to present him to his youngest daughter " ( there was no occasion for remembering Mary ); and Anne , smiling and blushing , very becomingly shewed to Mr Elliot the pretty features which he had by no means forgotten , and instantly saw , with amusement at his little start of surprise , that he had not been at all aware of who she was .
This implies that the galaxies must have been closer together in the past .
It must be planned and carefully developed .
Parents , and GPs must be alert to the symptoms . 
Sometimes they become so detailed that there is a handbook of practices and procedures that lays down what must be done under all circumstances . 
In the morning , Jack related his experience to his wife who listened sympathetically but reassured him that it must have been a nightmare .
On their forays to Britain they employed ridicule against the snobbery of golf clubs which insisted that the golfing untouchables must change their boots in the pro 's shop . 
` This poor murdered girl must be revenged . 
Even if they locked him in a dark cell and pulled out all his teeth with rusty pliers , he must keep his promise to Sweetheart and tell them nothing . 
Her aunt is a good creature , but , as a constant companion , must be very tiresome .
The Director , Walter E. Clark , believes that a school with children living full time in its care must take full responsibility for their welfare .
Not merely when a state of warfare with one young lady might be supposed to recommend the other , but from the very first ; and she was not satisfied with expressing a natural and reasonable admiration -- but without solicitation , or plea , or privilege , she must be wanting to assist and befriend her .-- Before Emma had forfeited her confidence , and about the third time of their meeting , she heard all Mrs . Elton ' s knight - errantry on the subject .--
1 : 15 And in those days Peter stood up in the midst of the disciples , and said , ( the number of names together were about an hundred and twenty ,) 1 : 16 Men and brethren , this scripture must needs have been fulfilled , which the Holy Ghost by the mouth of David spake before concerning Judas , which was guide to them that took Jesus .
But it must be recognized at the outset that as soon as sampling is carried out the statements made about the cases involved become probability statements . 
It was now quite plain that he must be some abominable savage or other shipped aboard of a whaleman in the South Seas , and so landed in this Christian country .
And , if we follow the Rayburn pattern , as consciously or by an instinctual political sense I like to think I have followed it , then the very nature of our loyalty to our own immediate areas must necessarily be reflected in the devotion of our services to our country .
Deliverer from new Lords , leader to free Enjoyment of our right as Gods ; yet hard For Gods , and too unequal work we find , Against unequal arms to fight in pain , Against unpained , impassive ; from which evil Ruin must needs ensue ; for what avails Valour or strength , though matchless , quelled with pain Which all subdues , and makes remiss the hands Of mightiest ?
The third column gives the optimal policy , but we must wait to see the outcome of stage R and enter the preceding section of the table at this state .
I am afraid you must have had a shocking walk ."
That ' s strange , thought I ; but at any rate , since the harpoon stands yonder , and he seldom or never goes abroad without it , therefore he must be inside here , and no possible mistake .
He was only wrong in accepting the attentions ( for accepting must be the word ) of two young women at once .
wist ye not that I must be about my Father ' s business ?
I think I see his impious end ; but feel that I must help him to it .
That he did not regard it as a desperate case , that he did not say a few hours must end it , was at first felt , beyond the hope of most ; and the ecstasy of such a reprieve , the rejoicing , deep and silent , after a few fervent ejaculations of gratitude to Heaven had been offered , may be conceived .
The measurement must be in inches .
Why farewell Portia : We must die Messala : With meditating that she must dye once , I haue the patience to endure it now
For proper accreditation of schools , teachers in any course must have a degree at least one level above that for which the student is a candidate .
After allowing for group exposures , it is apparent that other factors must be considered if we are to comprehend fanaticism .
23 : 3 The God of Israel said , the Rock of Israel spake to me , He that ruleth over men must be just , ruling in the fear of God .
While he was walking around in the Green Forest , talking to himself about how hungry he was for some berries and how sure he was that there must be some up in the Old Pasture , some one else was thinking about berries and about the Old Pasture too .
But people living around Castlemorton Common say the Eastnor event must be called off . 
" His fortune too !-- for at my time of life you know , everybody cares about THAT ;-- and though I neither know nor desire to know , what it really is , I am sure it must be a good one ."
It is their duty to hear and determine according to law , and they must bring to that task a fair and unbiased mind . " 
Then she must sit in the sun before hauling it back up and altogether I was enraged and wished I was in a condition to show her how it should be done . 
From this presumption it is an easy step to the conclusion that any observed increases in the basic wage rate must be due to union behavior different and more aggressive than assumed in our model .
You , who have been hearing and seeing so much of late on these subjects , who must have been so deep in the business on Miss Campbell ' s account -- we shall not excuse your being indifferent about Mr . Elton and Miss Hawkins ."
You must leaue this
We did not appreciate at the time what a wrench leaving the Weir House must have been for him , nor the difficulty he had in adjusting himself to four assertive stepsons he hardly knew . 
" Your indifference , however , towards that unfortunate girl -- I must say it , unpleasant to me as the discussion of such a subject may well be -- your indifference is no apology for your cruel neglect of her .
To measure faster motion , the demon must measure positions at two time moments or some other feature , such as the recoil of the box 's walls from the momentum transferred by the hotter versus cooler gas particles in the left and right boxes as they bounce o the wall .
Visitors to Yordas Cave who have left their cars parked at or near Masongill must retrace their steps along the Turbary Road , a walk equally enjoyable when done in reverse . 
No one can calculate the turns of mood in convalescence : but Father Brown ' s depression must have had a great deal to do with his mere unfamiliarity with the sea .
Mr . Weston , you must really have had Aladdin ' s lamp .
I must wash myself with warm water and soap ; find a sharp scissors and put it in boiling water for fifteen minutes ; get clean sheets to lie on ; sip liquids ; and relax . 
I must tell you what an unlucky thing happened to me , as to that .
Hence **zg must have either a regulus of Af-fold secants or a regulus of Af-fold secants .
The White House , Pentagon and State Department must determine how to meet Obama 's pledge to begin a " significant " drawdown in July .
All capabilities must be used to maximum advantage then .
At junctions with a stop sign and a solid white line across your approach , you must stop at the line , wait for a safe gap in the traffic before you move .
But this was against all rule ; for the oarsmen must put out their eyes , and ram a skewer through their necks ; usage pronouncing that they must have no organs but ears , and no limbs but arms , in these critical moments .
The entry DIOCS must be written exactly as shown .
Something in my voice must have touched her deeply because her anger passed quickly , and she turned away to keep me from seeing her face .
A man must be able to say , `` Father , I have sinned '' , or there is no hope for him .
You must have heard every thing to be sure .
It holds an equally valuable lesson for a society where the word `` intellectual '' has become a term of opprobrium to millions of well-meaning people who somehow imagine that it must be destructive of the simpler human virtues .
It must be a terrible drag having a patient foisted on you like this -- a real busman 's holiday . " 
but you must not talk of shame now you are in for it , and I sha ' n ' t let you off ; you owe us half a crown , recollect , and I must be paid to - night , so see and get the money somehow or other ."
We want the past forgiven , but at the same time we must be willing for God to direct the future .
Although Andrena is gregarious , so that we may find hundreds and hundreds of burrows together , we must still call it a solitary bee .
Indeed , Lane 's ( 1955 ) argument that a stream will restore its gradient at a higher or lower level following a baselevel change is conceptually correct because if the river is initially at grade , then to move its sediment load and water discharge through the channel , the original gradient of the stream must be reestablished .
In some cities games were broadcast throughout the week and then on weekends the announcer was silenced , and fans must needs drive to the city from all the broadcast area to discover how their heroes were faring .
" I do not pretend to fix on times or places , but I must tell you that I have good reason to believe your little friend will soon hear of something to her advantage ."
I must think for ye all , I see , regularly ."
I think you must know Hartfield enough to comprehend that ."
You must grant me that ."
' It must have been that ,' said the King , ' unless it was written to nobody , which isn ' t usual , you know .'
Thus repulsed , our final hope Is flat despair : we must exasperate Th ' Almighty Victor to spend all his rage ; And that must end us ; that must be our cure -- To be no more .
His shirt was so white that it must have been starched . 
Britain says Sinn Fein must agree to disarm their movement in advance of broader discussions , because pro-British locals wo n't negotiate with a party keeping guns and bombs `` under the table . ''
A pupil who is , for example , studying chemistry , must be encouraged to learn more than certain concepts and procedures . 
Well , well ; I heard Ahab mutter , ' Here some one thrusts these cards into these old hands of mine ; swears that I must play them , and no others .'
Hall , for example , was quite explicit on this point when he said states outside European civilization must formally enter into the circle of law-governed countries .
For besides the great length of the whaling voyage , the numerous articles peculiar to the prosecution of the fishery , and the impossibility of replacing them at the remote harbors usually frequented , it must be remembered , that of all ships , whaling vessels are the most exposed to accidents of all kinds , and especially to the destruction and loss of the very things upon which the success of the voyage most depends .
It must be said at once that nothing remotely as strong as this is required by the proposition that to explain an event is to find its cause . 
Thus , red wine must , if possible , never be disturbed or shaken ; ;
" Yes ; my father is to join me here : we shall walk back together , and I must be off immediately .
4 : 17 For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God : and if it first begin at us , what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God ?
Unless the sea is very shallow the plants must float .
When designing a silhouette picture you will have to adopt a different technique from normal , as the shape of the flowers and foliage must really stand out against the background . 
Also , hot author Arlie Russell Hochschild adapts a chapter from her book The Time Bind : She argues that Americans must stop treating home life as a chore and learn how to invest emotionally in their families .
For those who thought BMW 's master plan was to make one car in three different sizes , the new 3-series must be a perplexing product . 
But sperm whales are not every day encountered ; while you may , then , you must kill all you can .
He must and does love her I am sure ."
I must now confess something which I kept back from you in Chapter 3 . 
Mr. Russ must have been a bit of a psychologist as he had us singing ` Summer Suns are glowing " quite often at morning assembly . 
But I must be content with only one more and a concluding illustration ; a remarkable and most significant one , by which you will not fail to see , that not only is the most marvellous event in this book corroborated by plain facts of the present day , but that these marvels ( like all marvels ) are mere repetitions of the ages ; so that for the millionth time we say amen with Solomon -- Verily there is nothing new under the sun .
" I would not go away without seeing you , but I have no time to spare , and therefore must now be gone directly .
In short , the fictional private eye is a specialized version of Adam Smith's ideal entrepreneur , the man whose private ambitions must always and everywhere promote the public welfare .
` We must avoid jumping to conclusions , " replied Thiercelin cautiously . 
4 : 6 Seeing therefore it remaineth that some must enter therein , and they to whom it was first preached entered not in because of unbelief : 4 : 7 Again , he limiteth a certain day , saying in David , To day , after so long a time ; as it is said , To day if ye will hear his voice , harden not your hearts .
The report on title must be signed and dated and must indicate the completion date . 
If she chose , and in that final decision discarded , what , above all , all of us value , life itself , must she not have risen to her fullest height , and transcending her murky self , felt at last the passion of a great moral decision ? ?
Looking back , it seems a marvel that the houses surrounding the Greencroft were never set on fire -- the residents must have suffered very anxious hours , but for the rest of us the sight of so many fires all blazing away was one never forgotten .
" I only know ," said Turnbull , " that I must run away from you .
Now I must ask you , I hope you do n't mind me recording this thing . 
Considering the circulation of The New York Times on Sundays , his column is probably the most widely read commentary on contemporary English in the world ; that places more than one uncommon burden on a writer : he must do his utmost to be accurate ; he must try to select subjects likely to be of interest to his readers ; and he must write well .
The transformation of David ( David Naughton ) from nice New York Jewish boy to very scary werewolf is an outstanding achievement , with elaborate props and each stage exactly plotted and , despite a team of 30 stuntpersons , Naughton must have acted quite a lot of this himself . 
WHEELCHAIR competitors in Sunday 's London Marathon have been told that instead of going for personal best times they must take at least one hour and 50 minutes to complete the course . 
While he declined to suggest , how , he said that sooner or later we must get rid of Castro , `` for unless we do we're liable to face similar situations in this hemisphere .
You must answer it of course -- and speedily ."
Budgeting must be flexible to allow adaptation to the rapid changes in scientific and technological scholarship .
We really must keep a better fire , or see if we can put in some central heating of some sort . " 
" And if he cannot be won by fair means , he must be conquered by foul ," said the desperate villain ; " but if we offer him rather more than the count has already promised for his share of the booty , of course he will consult at once his safety and his interest ."
Not one tiny detail more about what we mean to do must be mentioned in this company ."
I must see .
` You must learn to sheathe your claws , gattina . 
However much we may have to criticize liberal theology's constructive formulations , the theology we ourselves must strive to formulate can only go beyond liberalism , not behind it .
They need to struggle with the thorny issue of whose interests come first , and they must be ready to let go of some aspirations and commitments if they are to enjoy what they decide to do . 
Or you could hope the parachute wouldn't open just so you could say you saw it not open , not because you meant any harm to Starkey Poe in his suit of red underwear , but mainly because you were tired of being an old maid -- a thing which cannot admit when it thinks it might be pregnant , but must stand the dizzy feeling all alone and go on like everything is all right instead of being able to say to somebody in a normal voice : `` I think I'm pregnant '' .
Of course there are people who come from disadvantaged backgrounds ; of course we must do what we can about it . 
But there were some boobies and bumpkins there , who , by their intense greenness , must have come from the heart and centre of all verdure .
Allowances , large allowances , she knew , must be made for the ideas of those who spoke .
Line , shape , colour , etc. , is there for all , but to express pure feeling you must first of all understand the nature of the marks you are making .
Personalities vary , but typically he will be guided as much by intuition and personal judgment as by precept or regulation as he surveys the political landscape he must traverse before reaching his destination . 
A pilgrimage to Salisbury can be as must a quest for Mrs Proudie as for that God to whom she was so imperious . 
But this same day Must end that worke , the Ides of March begun .
If ye find him , then comfort him ; for he must be very sad ; for look !
But this does not acquit _him_ , Mrs . Weston ; and I must say , that I think him greatly to blame .
Waiving that point , however , and supposing her to be , as you describe her , only pretty and good - natured , let me tell you , that in the degree she possesses them , they are not trivial recommendations to the world in general , for she is , in fact , a beautiful girl , and must be thought so by ninety - nine people out of an hundred ; and till it appears that men are much more philosophic on the subject of beauty than they are generally supposed ; till they do fall in love with well - informed minds instead of handsome faces , a girl , with such loveliness as Harriet , has a certainty of being admired and sought after , of having the power of chusing from among many , consequently a claim to be nice .
We are fighting a barbarian , and we must beat him . 
But I mustn't start on Alice .
I must ask all of you , on your oaths of office , not to divulge the contents of this message to anyone before it is officially released . 
* We must give those of our young English readers who may not be acquainted with the ancient city of Herculaneum , some idea of it .
The American public must be presented with the facts concerning VA hospitalization .
" I must be alone and consider which is the higher point of view .
The latter requirement necessitates showing that the person who first removed the property from the ` common store " was entitled to do so ; it must then be demonstrated that subsequent transfers have been consensual .
So be it -- then we must embark on a crash program for 200-megaton bombs of the common or hydrogen variety , and neutron bombs , which do not exist but are said to be the coming thing .
And with the Holy Father a prisoner and the Emperor in uncertain health , the situation of that little family must be arousing a host of eloquent prayers this minute . 
His demands and your inexperience together , on a small , very small income , must have brought on distresses which would not be the LESS grievous to you , from having been entirely unknown and unthought of before .
Rather , such assignments are made , as they must be , on the basis of certain overall rules and standards , representing to some extent a statistical approach to the problem , taking into account for each situation some of the variables ( e.g. , power and station separations ) and averaging out others in order to achieve the balance which must be struck between protection against destructive interference and the assignment of a number of stations large enough to afford optimum radio service to the Nation .
At least one member of a party of four must be on a list of persons who have attended a formal safety briefing which will be held at the beginning of each year .
Lord J . I must not say , " Huzza for Talbot !"
A separate count for common assault must be added . 
The value placed on individuals of whatever rank , evinced by the rows of photographs of people who had worked there for forty years , must make for happiness in the workplace . 
Notice of Appeal must be submitted to the Secretary of the Disciplinary Committee by the Appellant within 28 days of receipt of the written notification of the decision of the Disciplinary Committee . 
She must know as well as her father , how acceptable an instrument would be ; and perhaps the mode of it , the mystery , the surprize , is more like a young woman ' s scheme than an elderly man ' s .
' Then the eleventh day must have been a holiday ?'
He must become one who knows all about the injustice in the world , but who declines doing anything about it .
He must , however , find some way of persuading her not to brag to the other members of the delegation about his suggestions . 
I must confess to falling for this combo the moment I saw its name ; anyone with a sense of humour like that is okay in my book ! 
I must confess when I first saw the plan , I was totally confused by it .
Latin from the books of the Laws of England , which taken along with the context , means , that of all whales captured by anybody on the coast of that land , the King , as Honourary Grand Harpooneer , must have the head , and the Queen be respectfully presented with the tail .
" He had seen a group of old acquaintance in the street as he passed -- he had not stopped , he would not stop for more than a word -- but he had the vanity to think they would be disappointed if he did not call , and much as he wished to stay longer at Hartfield , he must hurry off ."
Presidents , on the other hand , can rarely issue plausible , self commands ; for the most part they must persuade rather than order other political actors to do what they want them to do . 
But yet all is not done ; Man disobeying , Disloyal , breaks his fealty , and sins Against the high supremacy of Heaven , Affecting God - head , and , so losing all , To expiate his treason hath nought left , But to destruction sacred and devote , He , with his whole posterity , must die , Die he or justice must ; unless for him Some other able , and as willing , pay The rigid satisfaction , death for death .
Her mind was inevitably at liberty ; her thoughts could not be chained elsewhere ; and the past and the future , on a subject so interesting , must be before her , must force her attention , and engross her memory , her reflection , and her fancy .
He recognized that whatever transformation may be effected in the first stage of an R-stage process , the remaining stages must use an optimal Af-stage policy with respect to the state resulting from the first stage , if there is to be any chance of optimizing the complete process .
He must be up here ; let ' s try the door .
" Whenever the time may come , it must be unwelcome to her and all her friends -- but I hope her engagement will have every alleviation that is possible -- I mean , as to the character and manners of the family ."
Their being her relations too made it so much the worse ; and Mrs . Jennings ' s attempts at consolation were therefore unfortunately founded , when she advised her daughter not to care about their being so fashionable ; because they were all cousins and must put up with one another .
`` At 200 , 300 , 400 feet under the water , when he must be paying very much attention , he will be thinking about what you are telling him .
This presence knowes , And you must needs haue heard how I am punisht With sore distraction ?
I suggested that one must let it in because it is the truth , but Beckett did not take to the word truth .
Marianne had promised to be guided by her mother ' s opinion , and she submitted to it therefore without opposition , though it proved perfectly different from what she wished and expected , though she felt it to be entirely wrong , formed on mistaken grounds , and that by requiring her longer continuance in London it deprived her of the only possible alleviation of her wretchedness , the personal sympathy of her mother , and doomed her to such society and such scenes as must prevent her ever knowing a moment ' s rest .
Almost no attention has been paid to the peripheral vascular consequences of iron deficiency [ 37 ] . With iron deficiency , the poor oxygen-carrying capacity of the blood must be offset in order for the animal to develop to full maturity .
The difference of Harriet at Mrs . Goddard ' s , or in London , made perhaps an unreasonable difference in Emma ' s sensations ; but she could not think of her in London without objects of curiosity and employment , which must be averting the past , and carrying her out of herself .
She must have gone to bed some time ago , else Jessie would n't have been able to sneak out . 
To qualify for grants , [ local law enforcement ] must have organizations in their locale that are threats , '' he said . ``
She had not gone much farther before she came in sight of the house of the March Hare : she thought it must be the right house , because the chimneys were shaped like ears and the roof was thatched with fur .
" Those who knew any thing about it , must have felt the difference .
So , Mr . Newington , if you don ' t think proper to go up and inform the ladies above , that the Dolphin rooms are not for them , I must SPEAK myself , though ' tis a thing I never do when I can help it .
Theda decided , so relieved that she barely took in the poor quality of his attire , thinking only that the delay must have been made more acceptable to him by a lengthy sojourn in the tap-room . 
Still we must confess that sometimes some of them go too far .
But what you must not do ( and could conceivably lay yourself open to legal proceedings by doing ) is to quote exactly and at some length . 
Community decision makers must make up their minds whether a claim is acceptable to the larger community in terms of prevailing expectations regarding members of nation states .
Then the water vapour which condensed into oceans must have come from early volcanic activity and from the gaseous components of the solid Earth itself . 
I stood entranced , as I must confess I always did , while she slipped her shiny white military-style raincoat off its hanger behind the door and buttoned herself into it . 
Still a demurrer or two must be entered .
" You must have bewitched me , but I feel a furious curiosity about you .
There we held `` that the statutory scheme for review , within the selective service system , entitles [ conscientious objectors ] to no guarantee that the FBI reports must be produced for their inspection '' .
It was an alarming change ; and Emma was thinking of it one morning , as what must bring a great deal to agitate and grieve her , when Mr . Knightley came in , and distressing thoughts were put by .
You must , indeed , you must ."
Like Southern Baptists of Tennessee , many Northern Irish Presbyterians believe that the wine enjoyed by Jesus and His disciples must have been grape juice , since Christians do not drink alcohol .
K . Hamlet , this deed of thine , for thine especial safety Which we do tender , as we deerely greeue For that which thou hast done , must send thee hence With fierie Quicknesse .
" But I said , old man , that ere thou couldst die on this voyage , two hearses must verily be seen by thee on the sea ; the first not made by mortal hands ; and the visible wood of the last one must be grown in America ."
The national legal rule must satisfy the autonomous European conception of being certain and ascertainable . 
Excessively deep sewers in bad ground conditions or below the water table must also be taken into account . 
and it must be enforced without discrimination .
Tearing out a sheet from his notebook , de Castelnau scribbled down his historic order that Verdun must be defended at all costs on the Right Bank , and handed it to Pétain .
Put simply , the retailer must decide whether he is going to opt for ` quality " or ` quantity " . 
" You must feel it very fortunate that Miss Fairfax should be allowed to come to you at such a time .
The reporter must have written this with tongue in cheek , because Dexter's oration could hardly be understood ; ;
Here , too , must be placed Unitarianism and , less obviously from Christian inspiration , Emerson , Transcendentalism , and the idealism of Walt Whitman .
He reasoned that they must exist because of the fixed and numerically simple proportions in which elements combine to form compounds . 
Thinks I , I ' ll wait awhile ; he must be dropping in before long .
Visiting staff must use an observation area , if available ; if not , they must conform to local safety rules , including the use of protective clothing . 
And must they all be hang ' d , that swear and lye ?
Further , on the material before him , he was entitled to conclude that the appellants must have known that the execution of the charge was in breach of the order . 
For dinner , as sure as the clock strikes four -- but I mustn ' t stay prating , for it may be spoiling if I ' m away ; so I must wish your worship a good morning .
Privacy must be highly assured both in time and place .
12 : 16 And in the first day there shall be an holy convocation , and in the seventh day there shall be an holy convocation to you ; no manner of work shall be done in them , save that which every man must eat , that only may be done of you .
Well , one year , I must admit , somebody in the class stormed out . 
I am sure I must have been as white as my gown .
This must be our task In Heaven , this our delight .
One must be realistic in one 's promises to patients in respect of their admission to hospital for non-life threatening operations . 
When she looked at the hedges , she thought the elder at least must soon be coming out ; and when she turned round to Harriet , she saw something like a look of spring , a tender smile even there .
Anne , judging from her own temperament , would have deemed such a domestic hurricane a bad restorative of the nerves , which Louisa ' s illness must have so greatly shaken .
If you are going to farm for extra cash income on a part-time basis you must keep in mind the needed machinery investments when you choose among farm enterprises .
Therefore the second principle of the plan must be that , while providing for all-out hostilities , its effectiveness is not dependent on general war .
When the swaying of the building woke me up , I reasoned that a -RRB- I was in Southern California ; b -RRB- the bed was moving ; c -RRB- it must be a Magic Fingers bed that had short-circuited .
The draft Approved Document also contains a provision requiring that the first occupants of a dwelling must receive instructions on how to look after the smoke detector system that has been installed . 
Since we can not go on struggling with one another indefinitely , Hegel says that one must submit to the other .
And although I never met my grandfather , I have never forgotten that story and when I hear of him I think what a wonderful , wonderful person he must have been .
The operator must continually supply the correct amount of turning current to the gyro torquers so that the effect of gyro drift is canceled .
" Oh yes , sir ," cried she with ready sympathy , " how you must miss her !
Saint Basil was so enchanted by this selfless action that he concluded his comments with the words ` If things seen are so lovely , what must things unseen be ? " 
In many cases , you must file a complete set of plans with the local building inspector .
Lady Russell , convinced that Anne would not be allowed to be of any use , or any importance , in the choice of the house which they were going to secure , was very unwilling to have her hurried away so soon , and wanted to make it possible for her to stay behind till she might convey her to Bath herself after Christmas ; but having engagements of her own which must take her from Kellynch for several weeks , she was unable to give the full invitation she wished , and Anne though dreading the possible heats of September in all the white glare of Bath , and grieving to forego all the influence so sweet and so sad of the autumnal months in the country , did not think that , everything considered , she wished to remain .
It must not be : and yet the danger of a renewal of the acquaintance !--
That is , I know you must have seen her a hundred times -- but are you acquainted ?"
Looking down on the land over seven miles below from the lofty heights where jet streams vaporize behind you , it was hard to imagine the difficulties the old man must have faced .
She did suddenly , through the link of memory with his father , old Titus , who must have been in his nineties when Henrietta ran away .
She must abide by the evil of having refused him , whatever it may be ; and as to the refusal itself , I will not pretend to say that I might not influence her a little ; but I assure you there was very little for me or for any body to do .
She must have seen a few sights in her time . "
It must be said that the Huron were less interested in conversion to Christianity than in the goods to be gained from the fur traders who followed the priests on this first French settlement in Ontario .
This is the feed state of the subsequent Af stages which , according to the principle of optimality , must use an optimal Af-stage policy with respect to this state .
The workers must have felt important when they were described several times as being , ` Caesar 's heirs forever . " 
We are so encumbered by having British literature in our foreground that … one must speak of it in disproportion .
And Lego World , stated in terms of building simple combinatorial objects , is logically similar to a set of objectives that must be achieved by a military force to carry out its total objective .
To restrain him as much as might be , by her own manners , she was immediately preparing to speak with exquisite calmness and gravity of the weather and the night ; but scarcely had she begun , scarcely had they passed the sweep - gate and joined the other carriage , than she found her subject cut up -- her hand seized -- her attention demanded , and Mr . Elton actually making violent love to her : availing himself of the precious opportunity , declaring sentiments which must be already well known , hoping -- fearing -- adoring -- ready to die if she refused him ; but flattering himself that his ardent attachment and unequalled love and unexampled passion could not fail of having some effect , and in short , very much resolved on being seriously accepted as soon as possible .
DEAR FINN ,-- Your copy will do , but I have had to headline it a bit ; and our public would never stand a Romanist priest in the story -- you must keep your eye on the suburbs .
Darling , you must n't let him sap your confidence . 
She hoped when clear of Milsom Street to have her curiosity gratified ; but she was still obliged to wait , for the Admiral had made up his mind not to begin till they had gained the greater space and quiet of Belmont ; and as she was not really Mrs Croft , she must let him have his own way .
" Oh , no , you must not touch it ; for if you should spoil it , what would become of me ?"
The volume of the cylinder opening in the head gasket must be computed by multiplying its area in square inches by the gasket's thickness in thousandths of an inch .
But `` term '' means just that ; the policy is written for a specific time period only and must be renewed when it expires .
The rapid decay , the early death of a girl so young , so lovely as Marianne , must have struck a less interested person with concern .
which thou viewest as not thine own ; Thou art their author , and prime architect : For I no sooner in my heart divined , My heart , which by a secret harmony Still moves with thine , joined in connexion sweet , That thou on earth hadst prospered , which thy looks Now also evidence , but straight I felt , Though distant from thee worlds between , yet felt , That I must after thee , with this thy son ; Such fatal consequence unites us three !
The regime declares itself to be the only true guardian of socialism , but can offer no answer to what is happening elsewhere except to denounce foreign interference and to assert that communism must inevitably triumph . 
They must be young animals , he told himself as he slithered down . 
It must be presumed too that much of this effort would be concentrated on those stations used by Europeans , where they could expect to find every facility , including even letter-racks for their mail . 
He must have '' --
Since he actually was expected in the country , she must teach herself to be insensible on such points .
19 : 21 After these things were ended , Paul purposed in the spirit , when he had passed through Macedonia and Achaia , to go to Jerusalem , saying , After I have been there , I must also see Rome .
As only a member of the family can share in the innermost joys of the family , likewise one must belong to the family of God in order to receive the benefits that are promised to those who are His own .
but if granting self-determination to the Algerian rebels entails sweeping that area into the Sino-Soviet orbit , then Algerian freedom must be postponed .
You must run this minute , run ."
This global warming must have been entirely natural -- nobody would blame it on a few hundred thousand hunter-gatherers hunting mammoths and scratching around in caves .
Output must be fully compatible with all the major word processors and battery life should be measured in days rather than hours . 
Alan 's room smelled musty with disuse ; a pile of letters for him had toppled toward the edge of the desk , a cobweb bellied from a corner of the ceiling . 
In fact , tell him I must go ."
There must not only be greater good than evil objectively in view , but also greater probability of actually doing more good than harm .
Further , we must ask ourselves , do we really want total honesty in communication ? 
I daresay you are quite correct ; you must know best ," said the attorney , trembling for the agency .
We must observe , that the necessity for continuing their depredations became stronger the third day ; for , though at first only a small party had been in the secret , by degrees it was divulged to the whole school ; and it was necessary to secure secrecy by sharing the booty .
That means the heavy neutrinos must decay into something far less massive , quite quickly .
` You must live in a funny world , " he said . 
Andersons 's insistence that the notion of social class must be defined in structural terms can be traced to an over-riding commitment to holism . 
Sometimes the dominant female is so powerful that only she becomes pregnant and her subordinates must await her demise before being able to breed themselves . 
said Susan ; " tell me what I must pay ."
` And if you explain to Thomas that he 's not to touch things like that , but must come and tell you when he finds one , then he 'll avoid any danger in future . " 
" Five - and - twenty shillings ?-- I could buy and do a great many things , to be sure , with five - and - twenty shillings ; but then , THE THING IS , I must go without the uniform , if I have the great - coat ."
If an animal is to avoid fighting with another , stronger animal , it must first test how strong his opponent is . 
He would wear this same costume in Florida , despite his wife Cleota's reminders over the past five days that he must take some cool clothes with him .
You must see the difference ."
For distance you must now substitute that very special , and far less abstract , sort of distance which we call height : height which speaks immediately to our muscles and nerves .
Use of renewable energy " must triple " to meet EC carbon targets 
In evaluating data on the concentration of TSH in blood , one must examine critically the bio-assay methods used to obtain them .
If it is essential to your emotions , I will cheerfully finish the fight here and now ; but I must confess that if you kill me here I shall die with my curiosity highly excited and unsatisfied upon a minor point of geography ."
" Then it must be all because you don ' t wish to oblige Mr .
I must stop these tears , too ," said Carlo .
This is what we mean when we say this demand must be accepted without condition .
How can he exercise Wrath without end on Man , whom death must end ?
If you know it already , as surely you must , I may be spared ."
The magistrate must have been transferred to some other official duties -- to something connected with the inspection of asylums .
But if Trible 's position is that she is a literary critic , pursuing rhetorical criticism without commitment to the text , then it must be said that the impression she gives is often very different .
Bodies often float to the surface , but you of all people must know that those who drown in the Thames can disappear altogether and are probably taken by undercurrents down through London and out to sea . " 
Is the situation so serious that twenty-four hour care must be considered , whether the person is at home or considering going in to a residential home ?
Gerbier , for instance , says on window design that they ‘ must be as high again as wyde … ’ and that their mouldings needed ‘ the broad brim of a good hat to a travaileur on a rainy day ’ . 
First of all I must tell you I was lunching in that restaurant at the seaside .
Our slogan must be , Child Labour , I Wo n't Wear It . 
And I must , or rather , want to say , that one of the prime reasons for my enjoying Mr . Cochrane 's article is that he demolished the anti-empathy argument by using logic and facts .
The Crofts must be in Bath !
No , they must look the other way and climb one more painful step up the ladder .
29 : 26 And Laban said , It must not be so done in our country , to give the younger before the firstborn .
gentle pair , ye little think how nigh Your change approaches , when all these delights Will vanish , and deliver ye to woe ; More woe , the more your taste is now of joy ; Happy , but for so happy ill secured Long to continue , and this high seat your Heaven Ill fenced for Heaven to keep out such a foe As now is entered ; yet no purposed foe To you , whom I could pity thus forlorn , Though I unpitied : League with you I seek , And mutual amity , so strait , so close , That I with you must dwell , or you with me Henceforth ; my dwelling haply may not please , Like this fair Paradise , your sense ; yet such Accept your Maker ' s work ; he gave it me , Which I as freely give : Hell shall unfold , To entertain you two , her widest gates , And send forth all her kings ; there will be room , Not like these narrow limits , to receive Your numerous offspring ; if no better place , Thank him who puts me loth to this revenge On you who wrong me not for him who wronged .
" The pigeon will be home long before me , father ; and he will come in at the kitchen window , and light upon the dresser ; then you must untie the little note which I shall have tied under his left wing , and you ' ll know the price of beef directly ."
Could a linguist , could a grammarian , could even a mathematician have seen what she did , have witnessed their appearance together , and heard their history of it , without feeling that circumstances had been at work to make them peculiarly interesting to each other ?-- How much more must an imaginist , like herself , be on fire with speculation and foresight !-- especially with such a groundwork of anticipation as her mind had already made .
Apart from the question of the number of dimensions that space-time appears to have , string theory still has several other problems that must be solved before it can be acclaimed as the ultimate unified theory of physics . 
" Indeed , Harriet , it would have been a severe pang to lose you ; but it must have been .
" The clerks grow expert from habit .-- They must begin with some quickness of sight and hand , and exercise improves them .
hard must it go with me if thy charm be gone !
While he lived , it must be only an engagement ; but she flattered herself , that if divested of the danger of drawing her away , it might become an increase of comfort to him .-- How to do her best by Harriet , was of more difficult decision ;-- how to spare her from any unnecessary pain ; how to make her any possible atonement ; how to appear least her enemy ?-- On these subjects , her perplexity and distress were very great -- and her mind had to pass again and again through every bitter reproach and sorrowful regret that had ever surrounded it .-- She could only resolve at last , that she would still avoid a meeting with her , and communicate all that need be told by letter ; that it would be inexpressibly desirable to have her removed just now for a time from Highbury , and -- indulging in one scheme more -- nearly resolve , that it might be practicable to get an invitation for her to Brunswick Square .-- Isabella had been pleased with Harriet ; and a few weeks spent in London must give her some amusement .-- She did not think it in Harriet ' s nature to escape being benefited by novelty and variety , by the streets , the shops , and the children .-- At any rate , it would be a proof of attention and kindness in herself , from whom every thing was due ; a separation for the present ; an averting of the evil day , when they must all be together again .
We must needs inquire then on what principle the Sovereign is originally invested with that right .
He would have to hurry despite his leg , which he must have wrenched while clambering . 
Sorting out those programs and agencies that would most benefit from consolidation versus those in which dual missions must be balanced in order to achieve a more effective fit in DHS is a difficult but critical task .
The largest hurdle the Republicans would have to face is a state law which says that before making a first race , one of two alternative courses must be taken : 1
He must take it from `` the red box '' .
since my silence must have ended when I gave the purposed volume to you .
The name of Lady Diana Sweepstakes , Hal thought , must impress all present with respect ; he was highly astonished , when , as he looked round , he saw a smile of contempt upon everyone ' s countenance : and he was yet further bewildered , when he heard her spoken of as a very silly , extravagant , ridiculous woman , whose opinion no prudent person would ask upon any subject , and whose example was to be shunned , instead of being imitated .
If the resulting difference for the particular State is less or more than these extremes , the State's allotment percentage must be raised or lowered to the appropriate extreme .
A DUF entry must be supplied for every unit record file describing the type of file and the unit record equipment to be used .
Open societies can take many forms , and within very broad limits recipients must be free to set their own goals and to devise their own institutions to achieve those goals .
Now I must bid you a good evening ; for I ' m in a great hurry to get home , and must go the short way across the fields here , which would not be so pleasant for you , because of the stiles .
I haue liu ' d long enough : my way of life Is falne into the Seare , the yellow Leafe , And that which should accompany Old - Age , As Honor , Loue , Obedience , Troopes of Friends , I must not looke to haue : but in their steed , Curses , not lowd but deepe , Mouth - honor , breath Which the poore heart would faine deny , and dare not .
Lord save me , thinks I , that must be the harpooneer , the infernal head - peddler .
I believe he must have waited among the gorse bushes through which the path winds and struck him down as he passed .
Manufacturers dispatch vials of vaccine -- along with frozen carbon dioxide for cooling -- in large , insulated cartons which must be tested for both strength and the efficiency of the insulation . 
To her , its greatest interest must be , in having been very much talked of between her friend and Mr Elliot ; in having been wished for , regretted , and at the same time honoured for staying away in such a cause .
The new site was somewhat warmer than Fort Douglas and much closer to the great herds of buffalo on which the settlement must depend for food .
-- this , then must needs be the sign of " The Trap ."
It was engrossed by the extraordinary silence of her sister and Willoughby on the subject , which they must know to be peculiarly interesting to them all .
People must think children are very silly , or else they can never have reflected upon the nature of belief in their own minds , if they imagine that children will believe the words that are said to them , by way of moral , when the countenance , manner , and every concomitant circumstance tell them a different tale .
True , both his eyes , in themselves , must simultaneously act ; but is his brain so much more comprehensive , combining , and subtle than man ' s , that he can at the same moment of time attentively examine two distinct prospects , one on one side of him , and the other in an exactly opposite direction ?
1 : 13 Yea , I think it meet , as long as I am in this tabernacle , to stir you up by putting you in remembrance ; 1 : 14 Knowing that shortly I must put off this my tabernacle , even as our Lord Jesus Christ hath shewed me .
She must have known all along about the sale of illegal arms and secret payoffs .
We have already agreed that secrecy may be necessary , and we must acknowledge that it could not be maintained if their correspondence were to pass through Sir John ' s hands ."
He knows there must have been twenty better men than himself applying for her at the same time .
according to my interpretation of the problem two lines must be perpendicular
I felt angry and humiliated at the time of the argument but I can guess at how he must have felt . 
` Now I really must get on . 
He must , if necessary ( and many children manage this ) , become bilingual , able to switch as the occasion demands between what may be virtually or actually two languages . 
They are not for those who insist that learning must be a serious business and who would feel embarrassed to be caught reading a ` comic book " . 
Must records always sound like records ? ?
`` We must keep the bloodstream of New Jersey clean '' , the former Superior Court judge said .
John Nef , in his Wiles Lectures of 1956 , concluded that , if we seek the origins of our modern quantitative-mindedness , we must concentrate on the last decades of the sixteenth century . 
Which brings me to the point that we must not lose sight of the fact that in rugby terms we are not world champions . 
All traces of glue must be removed from the inside corner , and the corner angle must be checked to an accurate 90° . 
Jumping to the conclusion that the biggest must therefore be the best could be a mistake . 
Now it must be confessed that no one in that situation would be likely to justify his choice by saying ` In recalling the tastes I found myself spontaneously moved to take the peach " .
I know not Gentlemen what you intend , Who else must be let blood , who else is ranke : If I my selfe , there is no houre so fit As Caesars deaths houre ; nor no Instrument Of halfe that worth , as those your Swords ; made rich With the most Noble blood of all this World .
He disliked Garth on sight , conservative clothes and haircut , smile a shade too earnestly boyish for a man who must be well into his thirties , handclasp too consciously quick and firm .
As its temperature increases , a higher pressure must be employed to liquefy it ( see table 3.4 ) . 
SO MANY have praised Graeme Hick that there must be more to him than has been revealed . 
She went across to Captain Cutler and said in her sweetest manner : " I shall value all these flowers , because they must be your favourite flowers .
If he means any thing , it must be to please you .
Her threat to leave the job had been an idle one , and whatever ill feeling there had been between her and Jenny must have been papered over . 
Walden thinks Lukas-trained Grand Slam , who is 4 for 4 at Belmont and 0 for 4 elsewhere , must be respected because of that statistic .
It must be realized that many people are less excited about going to work in the dark rather than the light -- a dull start to the day . 
20 : 10 And Moses and Aaron gathered the congregation together before the rock , and he said unto them , Hear now , ye rebels ; must we fetch you water out of this rock ?
The knight must be ready to fight hard when his prince required it of him ; he must never desert ; nor must he refuse to fight for the common good ; and , above all , he must fight fearlessly .
' Yes , but some crumbs must have got in as well ,' the Hatter grumbled : ' you shouldn ' t have put it in with the bread - knife .'
Goodness knows how many times Mravinsky must have conducted the Fifth Symphony after its emotional premiàre on November 21st 1937 ( Shostakovich 's rehabilitation after the Lady Macbeth affair , in the middle of the Stalin purges ) . 
In the specific case of time diffusion , we must emphasize the significance of the earlier development of mistrust when it is combined with the inevitable time crisis experienced by most ( if not all ) adolescents in our society , and with the failure of the adolescent period to provide opportunities for developing trust .
His Mary would be slender of limb and delicate of proportion , yet she must hold this full-grown man as securely and convincingly as she would a child .
Deductions of charitable gifts of highly valued art now must be accompanied by appraisals .
They must be separated ; but there was a great deal of pain in the process -- so much to herself at this time , that she soon felt the necessity of a little consolation , and resolved on going home by way of Randalls to procure it .
The gilding is all rubbed off , so that I absolutely must buy this for her .
Henceforth I fly not death , nor would prolong Life much ; bent rather , how I may be quit , Fairest and easiest , of this cumbrous charge ; Which I must keep till my appointed day Of rendering up , and patiently attend My dissolution .
Again , the oil man must read the meters at such intervals as he finds best .
Sir , I must go with ye ."
The judgment must therefore be reversed and the cause remanded to the District Court for a determination , after further hearing , of the equitable relief necessary and appropriate in the public interest to eliminate the effects of the acquisition offensive to the statute .
There was nothing so very particular , perhaps , about the appearance of the elderly man I saw ; he was brown and brawny , like most old seamen , and heavily rolled up in blue pilot - cloth , cut in the Quaker style ; only there was a fine and almost microscopic net - work of the minutest wrinkles interlacing round his eyes , which must have arisen from his continual sailings in many hard gales , and always looking to windward ;-- for this causes the muscles about the eyes to become pursed together .
And there was one just next to the door that must have come in while I had been lying there , unable to move .
The gymnast must develop strength , flexibility , coordination , timing , rhythm , courage , discipline , persistence and the desire for perfection .
These cases must therefore have been regarded as distinguishable , presumably on the ground that Slater 's case did not involve any refusal to perform a service unless an unlawful payment was made .
If a commitment to good schools and parental choice means anything it must mean encouraging good schools to get better and making it possible for parents to send their children there . 
Then she said bracingly , ` Well , you 'll just have to avoid him as much as possible , but you really must go . 
This must be a taste of how it was to be a Marine in armour , whose servo-suit responded to the motions of his body , magnifying these …
You must go to bed early , my dear -- and I recommend a little gruel to you before you go .-- You and I will have a nice basin of gruel together .
` That must be a comfort , " rejoined Ella , as she shut the kitchen door behind her . 
So assuming it was n't bad manners or simply an oversight , you must have had a reason . "
If he exists he must be a new era in human psychology .
' You MUST remember ,' remarked the King , ' or I ' ll have you executed .'
" Why -- but you must not tell that I told you ."
Emma ' s first resolution was to keep her father from the knowledge of what had passed ,-- aware of the anxiety and alarm it would occasion : but she soon felt that concealment must be impossible .
This type of biography must be particularly carefully scrutinized since it may be lacking in much criticism of its subject . 
13 : 17 Obey them that have the rule over you , and submit yourselves : for they watch for your souls , as they that must give account , that they may do it with joy , and not with grief : for that is unprofitable for you .
Rose pushed the money towards her ; but just then , recollecting that she was acting for others more than for herself , and doubting whether she had full powers to conclude such an extravagant bargain , she gathered up the public treasure , and with newly - recovered prudence observed that she must go back to consult her friends .
` Well , " said the courier , ` you and your confederates must accomplish what you came to do . 
Thus there was no one to help me in the house , except my brother , whose help must be my ruin .
And how tired you must be after your journey !
Before the accelerometers are mounted on the platform , the direction of their sensitive axis must be accurately determined .
" Their good days they took all the best care of me that was to be had for love or money , and would , if I would let them , go on paying for my schooling now , falling as they be in the world ; but I must learn to mind the shop now .
I must be gone .
All I can understand from that is that it must be a universal image .
Where a building permit is required , find out what you must present when applying for one .
But for that reason , I should imagine the likeness must be chiefly confined to the females , for boys have very little teaching after an early age , and scramble into any hand they can get .
They must learn to wear several hats , so to speak , working with management , sales and engineering problems related to the product .
I must vote for him .
` Does that mean that every jogger must be a handbag snatcher , as well ? " 
" You must allow me to see you home ," said Bert to the girl , in a gruff and almost stifled voice ; " I think we have only a little way to go ."
The bronze or copper of it had grown green with the eating airs of that exalted place , and Otto had instantly the thought , " Even if they had arms , they must be rusted by now ."
Anne , must not it be our Mr Elliot ?
" You are very kind , but I know what my manners were to you .-- So cold and artificial !-- I had always a part to act .-- It was a life of deceit !-- I know that I must have disgusted you ."
1 : 10 For there are many unruly and vain talkers and deceivers , specially they of the circumcision : 1 : 11 Whose mouths must be stopped , who subvert whole houses , teaching things which they ought not , for filthy lucre ' s sake .
`` You must have done something , something wrong .
Capital imports drawn from a number of sources must be employed and combined skillfully enough to permit domestic investment programming to go forward .
The matter of sympathy of the academic professors for art objectives also must be taken into account .
One issue that must be faced is the relative difficulty of analysis of different phonologic subsystems .
During the selection process berries are bounced along shaking conveyor belts which are crossed with four inch high wooden barriers -- they must be fresh and firm enough to bounce over the boards . 
They said that we must not fight but wait for the Messiah '' .
Stand fast Titinius , we must out and talke
During a comical lesson on how to catch her man , Little Cog is told she must weep not buckets but spoons . 
Elinor , who knew that such grief , shocking as it was to witness it , must have its course , watched by her till this excess of suffering had somewhat spent itself , and then turning eagerly to Willoughby ' s letter , read as follows :
I am horror - struck at this antemosaic , unsourced existence of the unspeakable terrors of the whale , which , having been before all time , must needs exist after all humane ages are over .
I must say that the " " by the anonymous assistant professor portrays the day-to-day stresses and anxieties of academic life through the eyes of a shockingly irresponsible instructor .
" I must go , uncertain of my fate ; but I shall return hither , or follow your party , as soon as possible .
They must be trained in channelling animal behaviour . "
You must drive Eileen over to meet Bobby and Jill .
" I must see somebody very superior to any one I have seen yet , to be tempted ; Mr . Elton , you know , ( recollecting herself ,) is out of the question : and I do _not_ wish to see any such person .
Next year 1962 , at Westminster , the Bench Show Committee has raised the requirements so that a junior must win 3 or more Junior Classes in the open division only to qualify for Westminster .
In length , the Sperm Whale ' s skeleton at Tranque measured seventy - two Feet ; so that when fully invested and extended in life , he must have been ninety feet long ; for in the whale , the skeleton loses about one fifth in length compared with the living body .
For this same Lord , I do repent : but heauen hath pleas ' d it so , To punish me with this , and this with me , That I must be their Scourge and Minister .
Mick and me must drive them all there .
Find out what is permitted , for you must simulate the final conditions as closely as possible .
But we must let it continue hanging there a while till we can get a chance to attend to it .
Een computer is in de kleuterklas wel leuk , echt geen must .
" Hirsch was right when he said that in such an affair the principals must not meet .
One must imagine five or six hundred soldiers swarming into the Garden of Gethsemane . 
In the daytime it must not be left in the door .
exclaimed Louisa , " this must be Cecilia ' s box .
" These are difficulties which you must settle for yourself .
" We must fight now , Turnbull .
Thinks I , Captain Peleg must have been drinking something to - day .
He had no pleasure at Norland ; he detested being in town ; but either to Norland or London , he must go .
This was a very comforting thing , although I must admit that I heard of no cases occurring in the period that I was in Mespot . 
` I know I 'm no angel , Robyn , I know my temper gets the better of me at times , but you must understand the pressure that I was under too .
" Nay , dear Emma , now I must take his part ; for though he has been wrong in this instance , I have known him long enough to answer for his having many , very many , good qualities ; and --"
It was history that must be in error , not the historian .
You must not reprimand her for doing as she was told . " 
It would come down to saying that Fromm paints with a broad brush , and that , after all , is not a conclusion one must work toward but an impression he has from the outset .
But before we can do this , we must first find answers to our original questions 1 and 2 ; ;
These countries must formulate a comprehensive , long-term program covering the objectives of both the private and the public sectors of the economy .
' He must have imitated somebody else ' s hand ,' said the King .
The design is determined emotionally : `` I must reach into myself for the spring that will send me catapulting recklessly into the chaos of event with which the dance confronts me '' .
" He appeared disoriented , begged to be allowed to sleep , and said he must have been cured by an injection . 
Anne could just acknowledge within herself such a possibility of having been induced to marry him , as made her shudder at the idea of the misery which must have followed .
" I ' ve heard of it , of course , but surely it must be a superstitious yarn spun out of something much simpler .
17 : 10 And his disciples asked him , saying , Why then say the scribes that Elias must first come ?
There is , said Michael , if thou well observe The rule of Not too much ; by temperance taught , In what thou eatest and drinkest ; seeking from thence Due nourishment , not gluttonous delight , Till many years over thy head return : So mayest thou live ; till , like ripe fruit , thou drop Into thy mother ' s lap ; or be with ease Gathered , nor harshly plucked ; for death mature : This is Old Age ; but then , thou must outlive Thy youth , thy strength , thy beauty ; which will change To withered , weak , and gray ; thy senses then , Obtuse , all taste of pleasure must forego , To what thou hast ; and , for the air of youth , Hopeful and cheerful , in thy blood will reign A melancholy damp of cold and dry To weigh thy spirits down , and last consume The balm of life .
" Oh , sir ," interrupted Hal , " but if you mean that Ben should put in for the prize , he must have a uniform ."
Emma did not find herself equal to give the pleased assent , which no doubt he was in the habit of receiving , to emulate the " Very true , my love ," which must have been usually administered by his travelling companion ; but she had resolution enough to refrain from making any answer at all .
I say that the real and permanent grandeur of these States must be their religion , Otherwise there is just no real and permanent grandeur ; ( Nor character nor life worthy the name without religion , Nor land nor man or woman without religion .)
And extremely acceptable it is , for we must live at a great expense while we are here ."
The respectability which money confers implies a different etiquette , and , upon taking up the life of a London gentleman , Pip must learn from Herbert Pocket that `` the spoon is not generally used over-hand , but under '' .
Because by definition it is not related to an existing settlement , it is not in the greenbelt , it must be in the countryside .
Himeji 's magnificent castle is unquestionably one of the region 's `` must-do '' sights .
" No ," said Anne , " that I can easily believe to be impossible ; but in time , perhaps -- we know what time does in every case of affliction , and you must remember , Captain Harville , that your friend may yet be called a young mourner -- only last summer , I understand ."
The user must be able to predict from one part of the semantic net what is likely to be in another , analogous part of the semantic net . 
This must have been irksome for them , but Mrs Webster accepted it as her war work with good grace . 
Leopardstown is generally reckoned to be the model for the new Down Royal stand and there are certain similarities I must confess . 
18 : 24 A man that hath friends must shew himself friendly : and there is a friend that sticketh closer than a brother .
" I suppose we 'd better start having a look along the banks soon , although I must say I 'm in no particular hurry . 
I was very unwilling to enter into it , as you may imagine , without the knowledge and approbation of his mother ; but I was too young , and loved him too well , to be so prudent as I ought to have been .-- Though you do not know him so well as me , Miss Dashwood , you must have seen enough of him to be sensible he is very capable of making a woman sincerely attached to him ."
" Well , my dear Jane , I believe we must be running away .
Mark's thoughts must have been keeping silent pace beside his own , climbing the same crags in dirty white sneakers , clambering out on top of the headland and coming upon the sudden glinting water at the same instant .
Their behaviour must also be frequent or serious enough to justify attempts to alter it by deliberate management action . 
You must know best what will be its effect ; but had I not seriously , and from my heart believed it might be of service , might lessen her regrets , I would not have suffered myself to trouble you with this account of my family afflictions , with a recital which may seem to have been intended to raise myself at the expense of others ."
As long as Mr . Knightley remained with them , Emma ' s fever continued ; but when he was gone , she began to be a little tranquillised and subdued -- and in the course of the sleepless night , which was the tax for such an evening , she found one or two such very serious points to consider , as made her feel , that even her happiness must have some alloy .
She would not , upon any account , mention her having met with him the second time ; luckily Mary did not much attend to their having passed close by him in their earlier walk , but she would have felt quite ill - used by Anne ' s having actually run against him in the passage , and received his very polite excuses , while she had never been near him at all ; no , that cousinly little interview must remain a perfect secret .
The sea roared like a pride of hungry lions , thudding against the side of the ship like a thousand battering-rams , so that it seemed that at any moment it must break through and drown them all . 
On the way here the highway borders what must be some of the most delectable coastal scenery in the world : wooded headlands enclosing beach after sandy beach , empty of people . 
` That must feel funny to see your daddy in a photograph . " 
We must look for the change elsewhere ."
The knowledge of what her mother must be feeling as the carriage stopt at the door -- of her doubt -- her dread -- perhaps her despair !-- and of what SHE had to tell !-- with such knowledge it was impossible to be calm .
Somehow our contemporary Moloch must be induced to see reason .
Now she must be thinking of a boy-name , something special .
It must have been either forged or welded to the cap or fitted hot and allowed to cool into position . 
Harriet , necessarily drawn away by her engagements with the Martins , was less and less at Hartfield ; which was not to be regretted .-- The intimacy between her and Emma must sink ; their friendship must change into a calmer sort of goodwill ; and , fortunately , what ought to be , and must be , seemed already beginning , and in the most gradual , natural manner .
The gilding must look particularly fine by candlelight . 
If I were to marry , I must expect to repent it ."
The LEA must appoint whoever is selected by the governing body unless they fail to meet legal requirements on grounds of health , qualifications or conduct .
` His plea of guilty is the only means by which he can express his contrition today and acknowledging it must be a lengthy prison sentence which he now faces . " 
We must call on him tomorrow morning ."
The interior designer , then , must first be an artist but also understand carpentry and painting and lighting and plumbing and finance .
" I have the strangest feeling ," said the Camel ,--" I feel as if I must roll over ."
In addition , in many cases , a variety of concrete social resources -- homemaker , day care , medical and financial aid -- must be reasonably available for the reality support needed to bolster the family in its individual and collective coping and integrative efforts .
Ashley was glaring at me over the candle flame the way a hawk must glare at a field mouse the instant before it parts mouse from field forever . 
"' Then I must get some from old Rad ;' and he rose to go aft .
You must be longing to get out of your trainy clothes . 
He must have constructed a pretty good strong bow too ( according to my detailed instructions ) which would by now no doubt be broken into unidentifiable pieces in distant undergrowth . 
2 : 6 The husbandman that laboureth must be first partaker of the fruits .
cried Emma , " I know there is not a better creature in the world : but you must allow , that what is good and what is ridiculous are most unfortunately blended in her ."
At any rate , if we yield to it , we must grant a far greater age to the Right Whale than at first glance will seem reasonable .
For some time now , it must be said , the Antiguan superhero has been mumbling about hanging up his cape altogether . 
" You must be ghastly strong ," said Turnbull .
I must go back and see after some executions I have ordered '; and she walked off , leaving Alice alone with the Gryphon .
With memories like these in him , and , moreover , given to a certain superstitiousness , as has been said ; the courage of this Starbuck which could , nevertheless , still flourish , must indeed have been extreme .
I must get rid of every thing .-- There it goes , and there is an end , thank Heaven !
Do it England , For like the Hecticke in my blood he rages , And thou must cure me : Till I know ' tis done , How ere my happes , my ioyes were ne ' re begun .
3 : 2 A bishop then must be blameless , the husband of one wife , vigilant , sober , of good behaviour , given to hospitality , apt to teach ; 3 : 3 Not given to wine , no striker , not greedy of filthy lucre ; but patient , not a brawler , not covetous ; 3 : 4 One that ruleth well his own house , having his children in subjection with all gravity ; 3 : 5 ( For if a man know not how to rule his own house , how shall he take care of the church of God ?)
" You must not talk so , Marianne .
In order to qualify , a successor must have resided with the tenant during the period of 12 months ending with the tenant 's death . 
The old Alligator thought to himself that he must certainly pretend to be the little House , or the little Jackal would never come in .
In one point , I am sure , my dear cousin ," ( he continued , speaking lower , though there was no one else in the room ) " in one point , I am sure , we must feel alike .
It was a strange situation , which must have made a lasting impression on Richard , who was more than usually close to his mother . 
A private dance , without sitting down to supper , was pronounced an infamous fraud upon the rights of men and women ; and Mrs . Weston must not speak of it again .
On the question of admission to Veterans Administration hospitals of service-connected and non-service-connected disabled veterans , it must be recognized that there are many men who are greatly affected by war service .
I must get back now , if for no other reason than that the table will soon be cleared and I have n't had a bite since this morning .
My behaviour must have seemed strange to you then ; but now you will comprehend it .
But , for instance , to make a present of a thing that you know can be of no use to a person you neither love nor esteem , because it is her birthday , and because everybody gives her something , and because she expects something , and because your godmother says she likes that people should be generous , seems to me , my dear Rosamond , to be , since I must say it , rather more like folly than generosity ."
Shadow foreign minister George Robertson said : ` We are right to maintain pressure on Serbia and we must do so increasingly through sanctions .
Each must match Wisman's `` pie '' with the fragment that he carries with him .
" Yes ," said the old woman ; " I will try what you can do ; but I must go up the hill along with you for the first two or three times , for fear you should get yourselves hurt ."
Such an understanding , although it must seek to be sympathetic , is not a matter of intuition .
Order and punctuality , it appears , are necessary even in a Barring Out ; and even rebellion must have its laws .
On the contrary , every friend must be made still more her friend by them .
He must have left the study shortly after herself , and practically sprinted up here . 
There must be some height , call it h , such that an animal would just break its neck if it fell from that height , but would just survive if it fell from a slightly lower height . 
From the outset of a transformational-change effort , information must flow freely between and among the different parts of the organization .
I must have missed the next few sentences. ` -- and weirdly compelling , " he finished , almost smacking his lips under that ridiculously trendy moustache .
He looked at Rachel , said curtly , ` Miss Swift , I must insist we speak privately . " 
Each local authority must compile a register containing the names and addresses of those within the area who are liable to pay the tax and the dates from which they become , or cease to be , liable . 
It seemed as if some one must have stolen it , or as if the farmer had been wandering in his wits .
The propensity for errors to occur must be balanced against the necessity for both management and surveying staff to have a reasonable degree of trust in the analysed cost figures produced . 
Such a statute illustrates the fundamental problem : Congress finds it is easier to pass sweepingly moralistic prohibitions , which the courts must thereafter interpret , than to engage in the difficult line-drawing distinctions that are inherently its responsibility .
I must say it is very unfeeling of him to be running away from his poor little boy .
I guess they must have used all the NATO calibre ammo by now and have replenished with 5.56 mm weapons , either supplied by deserters in the Danuese battalions or captured .
You must realize , my lord , how important they are and not hinder them in their beautiful lives . "
If she opts for cardiotocography it must be done properly and not haphazardly .
She supposed she must say more before she were entitled to his clemency ; but it was a hard case to be obliged still to lower herself in his opinion .
You must also have some knowledge about exactly where people lose their money when they visit the five places listed above .
MacIan looked at the grass frowningly for a few seconds , and then said in a new , small and childish voice : " I am awfully stupid , Mr . Turnbull ; you must be patient with me ."
As soon as she came to her own name , it was irresistible ; every line relating to herself was interesting , and almost every line agreeable ; and when this charm ceased , the subject could still maintain itself , by the natural return of her former regard for the writer , and the very strong attraction which any picture of love must have for her at that moment .
We must justify our heritage .
Must or should the Federal government help ? ?
There must be an independent person to whom children can complain . 
When Mrs . Jennings came home , though she returned from seeing people whom she had never seen before , and of whom therefore she must have a great deal to say , her mind was so much more occupied by the important secret in her possession , than by anything else , that she reverted to it again as soon as Elinor appeared .
This is meeting quite in fairy - land !-- Such a transformation !-- Must not compliment , I know ( eyeing Emma most complacently )-- that would be rude -- but upon my word , Miss Woodhouse , you do look -- how do you like Jane ' s hair ?-- You are a judge .-- She did it all herself .
The thousands of city migrants who desert the farms yearly must readjust with even greater stress and tension : the sacred wilderness is gradually surrendering to suburbs and research parks and industrial areas .
You and I must understand one another , and that too without delay .
We must not incommode the lady ."
" For eight - and - forty hours let me charter your ship -- I will gladly pay for it , and roundly pay for it -- if there be no other way -- for eight - and - forty hours only -- only that -- you must , oh , you must , and you SHALL do this thing ."
She was not struck by any thing remarkably clever in Miss Smith ' s conversation , but she found her altogether very engaging -- not inconveniently shy , not unwilling to talk -- and yet so far from pushing , shewing so proper and becoming a deference , seeming so pleasantly grateful for being admitted to Hartfield , and so artlessly impressed by the appearance of every thing in so superior a style to what she had been used to , that she must have good sense , and deserve encouragement .
I do not mean to justify myself , but at the same time cannot leave you to suppose that I have nothing to urge -- that because she was injured she was irreproachable , and because I was a libertine , SHE must be a saint .
The party from Uppercross passing down by the now deserted and melancholy looking rooms , and still descending , soon found themselves on the sea - shore ; and lingering only , as all must linger and gaze on a first return to the sea , who ever deserved to look on it at all , proceeded towards the Cobb , equally their object in itself and on Captain Wentworth ' s account : for in a small house , near the foot of an old pier of unknown date , were the Harvilles settled .
But if I were a teenager and I saw a TV star telling me that he had taken coke , I would reckon that there must be a reason why the famous spend a fortune on this drug . 
" Her friends must all be sorry to lose her ; and will not Colonel and Mrs . Campbell be sorry to find that she has engaged herself before their return ?"
If the resulting difference for the particular State is less or more than these extremes , the State's Federal share must be raised or lowered to the appropriate extreme .
But as you have seen the Monkey ' s Tail , we must pronounce the worst sentence .
Laertes , I must common with your greefe , Or you deny me right : go but apart , Make choice of whom your wisest Friends you will , And they shall heare and iudge ' twixt you and me ; If by direct or by Colaterall hand They finde vs touch ' d , we will our Kingdome giue , Our Crowne , our Life , and all that we call Ours To you in satisfaction .
But what did such particulars explain ?-- The fact was , as Emma could now acknowledge , that Harriet had always liked Robert Martin ; and that his continuing to love her had been irresistible .-- Beyond this , it must ever be unintelligible to Emma .
Other projects look for offenders among waiters who get cash tips , people who engage in large cash transactions , and people whose returns show they sold a home for a profit without reinvesting the capital gain in another home by the end of the same year ; the gain must be rolled over within two years to defer tax .
But the exercise of choice must be a special one , for it must alert the parties to the fact that they are about to enter a binding commitment from which they can not simply opt out . 
Where the wound had been given , there must the cure be found if anywhere ; and Emma felt that , till she saw her in the way of cure , there could be no true peace for herself .
In the case of a transfer of registered land the plan is rarely drawn on it and must be signed by the buyer or by the buyer 's conveyancer .
Elinor said no more ; it immediately struck her that she must then be writing to Willoughby ; and the conclusion which as instantly followed was , that , however mysteriously they might wish to conduct the affair , they must be engaged .
I still have it today , and I must admit that the ` poems " indicate the desperation of a lonely adolescent rather than the promise of any talent . 
These beliefs must have aroused considerable anxiety among followers of Calvin : Weber suggested that believers must have experienced ` salvation panic '' , The only way to bring about a degree of calm , claimed Weber , would be to think that , like the good tree that can not bear evil fruit , people could not be successful in this world without God 's blessing .
Some one must resolve on being off for Uppercross instantly .
Surely this must be calm enough .
Must it not have been so , Marianne ?"
They must have found him at the ports if he had only whitened his face ."
If the change be not from outward circumstances , it must be from within ; it must be nature , man ' s nature , which has done the business for Captain Benwick ."
" Yes , indeed , a very good letter ," replied Emma rather slowly --" so good a letter , Harriet , that every thing considered , I think one of his sisters must have helped him .
Finally , a balance must be effected among project finance , utilization of agricultural surpluses , and general balance of payments support .
Lastly , general practitioners must feel confident to ask a colleague for advice if poor control of symptoms persists . 
Tuesday 's fighting erupted about 11 hours after Musharraf issued his warning to tribal leaders that they must cooperate and hand over wanted suspects to authorities .
no : but I MUST , Jem ."
" Rather say your mother ' s imprudence , my child ," said Mrs . Dashwood ; " SHE must be answerable ."
for of course you must know , as you have been in Devonshire so lately .'"
You must , therefore , be certain , I repeat , certain beyond reasonable doubt that Paul Menzies could have committed such an evil crime as murder . 
If muggers can be deterred by punitive sentencing , then some of them must be made an example of . 
I laugh when those who at the spear are bold And venturous , if that fail them , shrink , and fear What yet they know must follow -- to endure Exile , or igominy , or bonds , or pain , The sentence of their Conqueror .
When these junci are thus far prepared , they must lie out on the grass to be bleached and take the dew for some nights , and afterwards be dried in the sun .
Critics warned such cash contributions may only undercut the opposition party 's standing , and one irony is that under Nicaraguan law a major portion of the opposition party 's funds must be shared with the government 's Supreme Electoral Council .
These bunks also serve as a fence , so part of the additional cost must be attributed to the fence .
The room smelt stale and musty with the pungent odour of the fat tallow candles placed on the desk . 
Similarly , choice of the appropriate parts to bolt together must be made if a child is copying a model from the drawings usually supplied with a kit ( involving size , shape and matching ) . 
` And all parasites must be destroyed , " Jinkwa concluded . 
The toad 's response to different sized objects is not much affected by learning ; to find cases where learning has an influence we must turn to animals with more catholic diets .
Entrepreneur Development Minister Datuk Mustapa Mohamed said today while the consortium 's proposal was accepted in principal , they would have to review the fare structure .
Sonnes , Kinsmen , Thanes , And you whose places are the nearest , know , We will establish our Estate vpon Our eldest , Malcolme , whom we name hereafter , The Prince of Cumberland : which Honor must Not vnaccompanied , inuest him onely , But signes of Noblenesse , like Starres , shall shine On all deseruers .
1- There must be time priorities .
" There is a Jackal in the sugar - cane ," they said ; " he will dig holes and destroy the roots ; we must go down and drive him out ."
Surely if the courts and lawyers limit themselves to medical criteria as justifying their sex classification system , they must follow expert opinion . 
In his report to the summit , the OAU Secretary-General Salim Ahmed Salim said that " Africa must gauge the significance of the fundamental changes taking place in the world and adapt accordingly " . 
A few of the more prominent must serve as examples of what a complete listing and description would disclose .
' As if it wasn ' t trouble enough hatching the eggs ,' said the Pigeon ; ' but I must be on the look - out for serpents night and day !
I do not plan to write a book : this narrative must move more quickly .
Of course , some of the credit for the sale boost must be given to improvement in the weather and to the fact that Easter comes more than two weeks earlier than in 1960 .
We must make inferences about the health status of the survivors from these data . 
` But it must be terrible to be like that -- not to be able to move -- or to feel anything . " 
We expect him to be noble , and to make us so -- yet he knows , and tries to tell us , how very humble man must be .
If such people are not genuine asylum seekers we must take action to protect the rest of the community , including the ethnic minorities , from them . 
` That 's why we appointed you Acting Dean , so that there was someone to deal with what must inevitably be a great deal of troublesome business . 
I exclaimed , bewildered , ` But she must be seventy . " 
( Actually , a nilpotent operator on an n-dimensional space must have its T power 0 ; ;
The entrance must have at least one right-angle turn .
She hesitated , conscious that she was being required to take a decision that must change the whole course of her life . 
But we must also recognise that the assessment which British Rail has carried out is deeply inadequate . 
They must lye there : goe carry them , and smeare The sleepie Groomes with blood
The Doctor 's trousers must not be hauled down . 
Nevertheless , Mrs. Lewis was still solicitous of his condition : let him do as he wished , let him sleep with chambermaids if he must , but , she begged Blackman , try to keep him from drinking a great deal and bring him back in good health .
The energy for any isothermal work done by the perfect gas must come as thermal energy from its surroundings .
It must be said , however , that it is something of an injustice to him to do this , since his ideas and interests subsequently developed in a number of important ways . 
Among the willows I caught a glint of blue , and then saw Ninian , who must have been up early after all , stooping over something at the edge of the stream . 
The caretakers must be physically strong , and have enough stamina to tote groceries and supplies up hill , and garbage down hill .
I had not waited even these ten days , could I have read your feelings , as I think you must have penetrated mine .
She must have been in your own circle ; for as you went with Lady Dalrymple , you were in the seats of grandeur , round the orchestra , of course ."
Clearly , unless these features are defined with precision , there is a danger of ending up with a tautological explanation : what is recent must also be novel because it is recent .
Don ' t we all know that it must be a match , that they were over head and ears in love with each other from the first moment they met ?
She was aware how awkward she must seem to the older woman , if not exactly all fingers and thumbs , certainly all arms and legs . 
Pierceable gas cartridges must remain attached to the stove . 
His title , schoolmaster , would very naturally seem derived from the name bestowed upon the harem itself , but some have surmised that the man who first thus entitled this sort of Ottoman whale , must have read the memoirs of Vidocq , and informed himself what sort of a country - schoolmaster that famous Frenchman was in his younger days , and what was the nature of those occult lessons he inculcated into some of his pupils .
Rethymnon has easy access to the south , east and west of Crete and , with so many charming towns and villages within easy reach , exploration is a must . 
There the news must follow him , but who was to tell it ?
I must cut your nice wings ; but I won ' t hurt you ."
Invasion by Iraq and the loss of Iran 's powerful ally , the United States , must have contributed to Iran 's sense of political and military vulnerability .
If a man must not fight for this , may he fight for anything ?
At length the desired observation was taken ; and with his pencil upon his ivory leg , Ahab soon calculated what his latitude must be at that precise instant .
He must not fail to hear it .
I must get on to Kingston as fast as I can ."
On the other hand , many scientists are certain that gigantism must preclude elevated rates of metabolism .
I must have given you up ."
For this must be the project of the whole American people .
Secondly , the viral genetic material must be replicated many times to provide a copy for each new virus particle ( E ) . 
" He must wish her good night ; he was going ; he should get home as fast as he could ."
22 : 7 Then came the day of unleavened bread , when the passover must be killed .
He had been thinking it over most deeply , most intently ; he had at first hoped to induce Mr . Woodhouse to remove with her to Donwell ; he had wanted to believe it feasible , but his knowledge of Mr . Woodhouse would not suffer him to deceive himself long ; and now he confessed his persuasion , that such a transplantation would be a risk of her father ' s comfort , perhaps even of his life , which must not be hazarded .
They know -- that is , Mr . Grant , who is sharp enough , knows -- that he will be worsted in that suit ; that he must , in short , pay you a good round sum for damages , if it goes on --"
' Well , if I must , I must ,' the King said , with a melancholy air , and , after folding his arms and frowning at the cook till his eyes were nearly out of sight , he said in a deep voice , ' What are tarts made of ?'
Britain 's national energy strategy must be set within an overall European framework , with the aim of reducing pollution , improving energy efficiency and boosting the use of renewables .
A reminder that if you are going to the game , of course if is all tickets , so you must get your tickets from Oxford United before setting off on Tuesday evening . 
Furthermore , Bern decrees that we must do as we are ordered by the Council , preach only the word of God and stop meddling in politics '' ! !
The Irish National Teachers Organisation , which organised the survey of about 500 members during the first two weeks of this month , said Education Minister Jeremy Hanley must now delay statutory assessment . 
" Something a little inferior I shall of course put up with , but it must not be much .
Which must be mutual , in proportion due Given and received ; but , in disparity The one intense , the other still remiss , Cannot well suit with either , but soon prove Tedious alike : Of fellowship I speak Such as I seek , fit to participate All rational delight : wherein the brute Cannot be human consort : They rejoice Each with their kind , lion with lioness ; So fitly them in pairs thou hast combined : Much less can bird with beast , or fish with fowl So well converse , nor with the ox the ape ; Worse then can man with beast , and least of all .
But Piccola never doubted at all That something beautiful must befall Every child upon Christmas - day , And so she slept till the dawn was gray .
By analogy , we can hope to deduce what must be in an animal 's head by observing what it does . 
I have since found he was quite right ; but ` opposite ' is a dangerous word when one decent house stands opposite five or six squalid ones ; and I must have mistaken the door .
Two months must bring it to the proof .
A story which I heard from Dad about his days at Charlton-All-Saints brought a chuckle from him as he told it but , at the time , the occasion must have been almost tragic . 
What is meant by saying that judges must be impartial and seen to be so ? 
Mustapha Bint , squeezed the camel with his knees 
Should the requirement , which must therefore be Federal in nature , be legislated by the United States Congress ? ?
However , these interests can not conflict too directly , but must appear to be consonant . 
It is , I suppose , likely that people with little money must think of money more than the well-off do and that the hungry will dwell on thoughts of food and the thirsty on drink .
To be constantly living with an ill - tempered person , must be dreadful .
We must abandon our leave and return to active service .
'' Tis the voice of the Lobster ; I heard him declare , " You have baked me too brown , I must sugar my hair ."
replied Lucy ; " I wonder at that , for I thought you must have seen her at Norland sometimes .
" Yes , this must be ginger ," peering into the as yet untasted cup .
And if you cannot kill them all at once , you must wing them , so that they can be afterwards killed at your leisure .
Poetry , he said , must be `` dogmatic '' : it must not stoop to argue like a `` K.C. in cloth-of-gold '' .
The prospect of a marriage between his most important baron in the North and the daughter of the English king 's most dangerous enemy across the still ambiguous northern border must have given Rufus considerable food for thought . 
It must be marked by a patience and persistence which have not always been its trademark .
Colin must win because he is the physical buffoon ; he falls into traps and puts his head through walls , falls downstairs and all those things . " 
As with all advice to clients , written notification must follow the spoken word . 
but if we must choose between peace and keeping the Communists out of Berlin , then we must fight .
said Mary ; for she saw that she must either get into a quarrel or give up her habitation , or comply with the conditions of this provoking old woman .
we must not stop here , However sweet these laid - up stores , however convenient this dwelling we cannot remain here , However shelter ' d this port and however calm these waters we must not anchor here , However welcome the hospitality that surrounds us we are permitted to receive it but a little while .
All you are doing and saying is to America dangled mirages , You have not learn ' d of Nature -- of the politics of Nature you have not learn ' d the great amplitude , rectitude , impartiality , You have not seen that only such as they are for these States , And that what is less than they must sooner or later lift off from these States .
Nor life , nor force , nor any visible thing ; Appearance must not foil , nor shifted sphere confuse thy brain .
Moreover , if a pilot decides not to launch in a situation like this , he must never be overruled or criticised for playing it safe . 
" How much your friends in Ireland must be enjoying your pleasure on this occasion , Miss Fairfax .
Still , in her heart , she must retain bitterness and hatred against those who had killed him and would presumably help so far as she could to have revenge upon them .
` It is permissible for the data to be used for accident prevention purposes , but the source of the information must not be divulged to anyone who is not a member of the Authority . " 
These tortoise holes are often so long -- up to forty feet -- that judging from the tortoise 's slow rate of excavation they must have been made by several generations and are probably several centuries old .
If you really want my opinion you must make the matter clear .
Matching photographs in oval frames of Mme Bonenfant and an elderly man who must be Alix's grandfather .
The room was festooned with cobwebs , the air musty and thick with dust and disuse . 
The diplomacy which must have preceded this match , and Cnut 's desire for it , imply worries about Robert 's attitude which were to prove well founded . 
I bow to no one in my regard for our terrestrial heritage , but if we are serious about global warming we must look at the big picture and not allow the Dominant Culture to lock us into the capitalist-exploiters-greedy-American-consumers-global - warming scenario as the sole model for discussion .
Yet if Washington gets too indignant about Soviet fallout , it will have to do a lot of fast footwork if America decides it too must start pushing up the radiation count .
But as the colossal skull embraces so very large a proportion of the entire extent of the skeleton ; as it is by far the most complicated part ; and as nothing is to be repeated concerning it in this chapter , you must not fail to carry it in your mind , or under your arm , as we proceed , otherwise you will not gain a complete notion of the general structure we are about to view .
But that policy statement must surely be consistent with the other legal requirements as to the content of sex education . 
We must all work together in close cooperation to provide the best possible service for our clients .
As we think of the long and excruciating pain it must have suffered , we are very likely to say : `` It was a bad thing that the little animal should suffer so '' .
Annie must have used the house-phone to have her paged at the restaurant . 
It must have been with some pleasure and relief that on September 12 , 1848 , Joseph Brown made the momentous entry in his job book , in his characteristically cryptic style , `` Lucian Sharpe came to work for me this day as an apprentice '' .
The statutory form that a responsible medical officer must complete to extend detention ( whether or not the patient is on leave of absence at the time ) refers unambiguously to the need for treatment in hospital .
When Edward ' s unhappy match takes place , depend upon it his mother will feel as much as if she had never discarded him ; and , therefore every circumstance that may accelerate that dreadful event , must be concealed from her as much as possible .
` I reckon , " said Marie slowly , ` that you must think I 'm a right idiot . " 
Only the amethystine python and the anaconda must be excluded for lack or paucity of data .
Lincoln saw that the act of secession made the issue for the Union a vital one : Whether it was a Union of sovereign citizens that should continue to live , or an association of sovereign states that must fall prey either to `` anarchy or despotism '' .
` And now I 've confided my murky past , that must make us more than acquaintances . " 
Brutus and Cassius Are leuying Powers ; We must straight make head : Therefore let our Alliance be combin ' d , Our best Friends made , our meanes stretcht , And let vs presently go sit in Councell , How couert matters may be best disclos ' d , And open Perils surest answered
God made thee perfect , not immutable ; And good he made thee , but to persevere He left it in thy power ; ordained thy will By nature free , not over - ruled by fate Inextricable , or strict necessity : Our voluntary service he requires , Not our necessitated ; such with him Finds no acceptance , nor can find ; for how Can hearts , not free , be tried whether they serve Willing or no , who will but what they must By destiny , and can no other choose ?
She continued : ` I am 70 years old but I felt I must make this sacrifice for them , even though the constraints on me in the future are very great . "
My dear Emma , we must consider this .
During this transition period , manufacturers must either conform to EC standards or to those of the importing country . 
` Then you must sleep out in the corridor . " 
We must build a corps of highly professional teachers of interior design who have had education , experience in the profession and are willing to take on the usual accompaniments of teaching -- minimal income and minimal status among their confreres .
" Now he must begin all over again with somebody else .
But she must ask ; beg even , or he 'd be knocking on the kitchen door at Jarman House , asking the Lord knew what favours . 
Though , upon the whole , I greatly admire and even love the brave , the honest , and learned Captain ; yet I take it very ill of him that he should so utterly ignore that case - bottle , seeing what a faithful friend and comforter it must have been , while with mittened fingers and hooded head he was studying the mathematics aloft there in that bird ' s nest within three or four perches of the pole .
Travelers entering from the desert were confounded by what must have seemed an illusion : a great garden filled with nightingales and roses , cut by canals and terraced promenades , studded with water tanks of turquoise tile in which were reflected the glistening blue curves of a hundred domes .
therapist and/or linguist must always consider the alternatives .
She sighed for the air , the liberty , the quiet of the country ; and fancied that if any place could give her ease , Barton must do it .
' And just as I ' d taken the highest tree in the wood ,' continued the Pigeon , raising its voice to a shriek , ' and just as I was thinking I should be free of them at last , they must needs come wriggling down from the sky !
Engages must be loyal to the concessionaires , and must serve until the term provided in the engagement was ended .
`` To have become so corrupt '' , he says , `` surely you must have studied many arts and sciences '' .
Surely this comparison must have its use with her .
This was a subject which ensured Marianne ' s attention , and she was beginning to describe her own admiration of these scenes , and to question him more minutely on the objects that had particularly struck him , when Edward interrupted her by saying , " You must not enquire too far , Marianne -- remember I have no knowledge in the picturesque , and I shall offend you by my ignorance and want of taste if we come to particulars .
Some caution must be exercised , however , in these patients and the advent of laparoscopic cholecystectomy may markedly increase the proportion of such patients considered fit for gall bladder removal . 
Scramble klaxons must be blaring on nearby Luftwaffe fields : Barton had no doubt of that . 
Mr . Weston would take no denial ; they must all dine at Randalls one day ;-- even Mr . Woodhouse was persuaded to think it a possible thing in preference to a division of the party .
" Another thing must be taken into consideration too -- Mrs . Elton does not talk _to_ Miss Fairfax as she speaks _of_ her .
They also furnish proof that , in modern war , message sending must be monitored .
But those who would revitalize so complex an organization must , first of all , overcome the resistance of layers of officials wedded to traditional procedures , suspicious of innovation and fearful of mistakes .
As for you , Mr . Fisher , depart ; you must never return hither again ."
A few key skilled workers experienced in the company's type of work usually must be brought in with the plant manager , or hired away from a similar plant elsewhere .
By contrast , commercial companies must develop high-quality products quickly or they may not survive in the marketplace .
" I must go home now ; it is late ," said the Moon .
But he must not be addressing his reflections to Anne alone : he knew it ; he was soon diffused again among the others , and it was only at intervals that he could return to Lyme .
Specific-Time Order : This type of order couples many of the orders described above with instructions that the order must be carried out at or by a certain time .
But Sahib Mustaqim Bleher , general secretary of the Islamic Party of Great Britain , slammed Dr Siddiqui 's idea .
However , the same rule applies to evening classes as to joining clubs -- it must be a subject that really interests you . 
One partner , who suffered repeated phone calls from Channel 7 until he cut them off , said : ` People who signed up must be lacking in street wisdom . " 
He gave her to understand that Frank admired her extremely -- thought her very beautiful and very charming ; and with so much to be said for him altogether , she found she must not judge him harshly .
Indeed , I must do ourselves the justice to say , that the few alterations we have made have been all very much for the better .
He has the tenderest spirit of gallantry towards us all !-- You must let me read it to him ."
" I am thinking ," said De Grey , " that Dr . Middleton must believe that I have betrayed his confidence in me .
If the farm is rented , the rent must be paid .
We must not forget , to be sure , that free discussion and debate have produced beneficial results .
To do what would be most generally pleasing must be our object -- if one could but tell what that would be ."
We must 've hit the reef !
It must be borne in mind that all this time we have a Sperm Whale ' s prodigious head hanging to the Pequod ' s side .
It follows from the foregoing that a condition of the type at issue in the main proceedings , which stipulates that where a vessel is owned or chartered by natural persons they must be of a particular nationality , and where it is owned or chartered by a company the shareholders and directors must be of that nationality , is contrary to article 52 of the E.E.C. Treaty .
" Must !
For the present , it must suffice simply to note the importance which Anselm attached to local rights . 
If they annoy suck-holing , spittle-licking , brain-dead Tory scum like you so much , then they must be doing their job . 
It must be emphasised that the results for an interim period do not necessarily provide a reliable indication of those for the full year . 
" I must not tell , ma ' am .
Capers tend to be expensive because they must be harvested by hand .
They must be daft to take on the British Empire . 
Cried one professor after a few months of Student Schiele's tantrums and rebellion : `` The devil himself must have defecated you into my classroom '' ! !
That must be enough for us both ."
Never must you be divided , in our ranks you move united , Pioneers !
Like gardeners , they must cast out the evil weeds and plough the matted earth into long fields and sow the seeds of future harvests . 
A ball sliced or hooked will be exaggerated by the wind , so if you are generally inaccurate you must be aware of this .
" He must show that he ' s converted .
Training sessions should be fun , and the dog must be encouraged as an active participant .
But it must be readily seen that the religious picture in England has so greatly changed during these hundred years as to engender hope , at least on the Catholic side .
Firstly it would seem logical that the nil group must have included paupers , a challenging question that will be considered in due course . 
He must have wanted to know what triumphs she had to report . 
But judges usually find the real aim is to escape tax on hidden income ; and the IRS said Brown must have had such income -- although it uncovered no source -- because he deposited $ 124,732 in a bank account in 1982-84 while reporting income of only $ 52,012 .
Or , in the words of Anatole France , `` The law in its majestic equality must forbid the rich , as well as the poor , from begging in the streets and sleeping under bridges '' .
What they should recognize is that children who have been placed in one of these groups on a narrow academic basis still differ widely in attributes that influence success , and that they still must be treated as individuals .
5 : 10 For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ ; that every one may receive the things done in his body , according to that he hath done , whether it be good or bad .
All applications must be received by the end of May when the Committee reviews applications and selects the winners in each group . 
` There is a lot of work still to do in this match and we must concentrate on getting the right total in our second innings . 
" But ," said Anne , " we must tell all this to grandmother , and ask her about it ; and I ' m afraid -- though I ' m very happy -- that it is getting very late , and that we should not stay here any longer ."
`` We ourselves must stand sentinel '' .
Besides , she had rated Felix ' s abilities very highly , because he made up her weekly accounts for her ; but unluckily once , when Franklin was out of the way , and she brought a bill in a hurry to her favourite to cast up , she discovered that he did not know how to cast up pounds , shillings and pence , and he was obliged to confess that she must wait till Franklin came home .
But his definition of style, like Jakobson's of poetry, fails to allow for its multiplicity and changeability, even if it points to an important possible source of literary effect; and in his claims concerning readers ' responses he attributes to these a degree of regularity which to many must seem quite unrealistic. 
One must avoid glib speculations about connections between the past and the present , or between disguised feelings and behaviour . 
I must think your statement by no means fair .
Must have cost plenty .
Ben 's eyes flared , but went cold as he told himself -- Harriet presumed -- ` I must n't hurt anyone . 
His jets are erect , full , and black like soot ; so that from so abounding a smoke in the chimney , you would think there must be a brave supper cooking in the great bowels below .
No matter how earnest is our quest for guaranteed peace , we must maintain a high degree of military effectiveness at the same time we are engaged in negotiating the issue of arms reduction .
` First I must see your body without those dreadful clothes you are wearing . " 
The day seemed very long yesterday but I must say my ` bonne " was very good to me . 
The man must have known that particular house to be so accurately inaccurate ."
When Perdita last saw her as Victor 's bimbo in 1981 , Sharon 's hair had been dyed the colour of strawberry jam , her splendid breasts had floated like beachballs out of her skin-tight polyester dress and her six-inch spike heels must have terrorized any lurking moles as she tripped on to the Rutshire pitch at treading-in time .
`` You must be a very learned man '' , says Voltaire to one of the bandits .
He was an attentive and generous husband , overgenerous , a lot of people felt , because they knew that money must be a problem to him .
It was hardly to be doubted , that several vessels reported to have encountered , at such or such a time , or on such or such a meridian , a Sperm Whale of uncommon magnitude and malignity , which whale , after doing great mischief to his assailants , had completely escaped them ; to some minds it was not an unfair presumption , I say , that the whale in question must have been no other than Moby Dick .
Mrs Musgrove had little arrangements of her own at her own table ; to their protection she must trust , and sinking into the chair which he had occupied , succeeding to the very spot where he had leaned and written , her eyes devoured the following words :
Although this technique is simple and satisfactory , one practical difficulty does exist : the direction of true north must be known for each launch point .
Upon this every soul was confounded ; for the phenomenon just then observed by Ahab had unaccountably escaped every one else ; but its very blinding palpableness must have been the cause .
" Yes , sir , there must have been some very strange people with some very strange ways in this house .
Granting that the White Whale fully incites the hearts of this my savage crew , and playing round their savageness even breeds a certain generous knight - errantism in them , still , while for the love of it they give chase to Moby Dick , they must also have food for their more common , daily appetites .
The piece tests the actor 's awareness and imagination to the full , but nevertheless makes precise demands on him : he must follow exactly what the author says . 
But in that gale , the port , the land , is that ship ' s direst jeopardy ; she must fly all hospitality ; one touch of land , though it but graze the keel , would make her shudder through and through .
Our military forces must be capable of contending successfully with any contingency which may be forced upon us , from limited emergencies to all-out nuclear general war .
` If some of our visitors are somewhat lacking in restraint , " noted an RCM report euphemistically , ` it must be remembered that many are overwrought with anxiety . " 
must and should do .
For even the most dehumanised modern fantasies depend on some older and simpler figure ; the adventures may be mad , but the adventurer must be sane .
" While her dear father lived , any change of condition must be impossible for her .
The ground dipped between two minor cliffs , and the architect must have figured they would make swell windbreaks . 
The best hope for Buckingham Palace must be that the couple can avoid divorce , put their disappointments aside and agree on a distant but reasonably amiable working partnership . 
And that you or any one must approach creations through such laws ?
Because Old Mr . Toad insists that I must write a book about his adventures , and Old Mr . Toad is such a good friend of all of us that I am going to do it .
But it must be tiresome for him to have you constantly tagging at his heels all the time . " 
He , of course , must have been equally unprepared for what confronted him , but , nonetheless , I did find his reaction startling .
Naambekendheid krijgen is dan ook een must voor deze multinational en daarvoor wordt vooral sportsponsoring gebruikt .
She felt that half this folly must be drunkenness , and therefore could hope that it might belong only to the passing hour .
In addition to paying for earthquake and fire damage , the insurer must cover worker-compensation claims and also losses due to businesses being shut down by lack of power or phone service .
-As described earlier , rural customers who do not live along the rural route must place a mail receptacle along the rural route .
He sighed -- drank -- hesitated -- drank again -- heard the landlord talk of his bill , saw the money produced which would pay it in a moment -- drank again -- cursed himself , and , giving his hand to the villain who was whispering in his ear , swore that he could not help it , and must do as they would have him .
People must believe that you 're such a tough shit you would snap them in half if they sneezed . 
And that bug must have been inserted in my case before I left Helsinki -- without my knowledge . " 
When we finally make proposals to build a repository we must be confident they will satisfy safety standards that are amongst the toughest in the world . 
I must , however , give you kudos for being the first writer I 've ever seen limn Beck 's Godley Creme influence .
A king not universally popular , who owed his throne to assassination , must have been sensitive on such an issue , and maybe sometimes nervous of joining large assemblies of armed men . 
" It shall , it must be done .
He regarded Lexandro musingly as a brother might a sister whose honour he must protect -- a sentiment which Lexandro had purged from his own soul , though he recognized the symptoms . 
It was obvious that the fish -- the ` lowest " class within the vertebrate phylum -- must have evolved from a pre-existing invertebrate form , yet this had occurred before fossils became plentiful in the rocks .
It is really very good of you to come and sit with me , when you must have so many pleasanter demands upon your time ."
` It 's crazy to think you must have an ` ideal " skinny shape . 
But ( alas ) Caesar must bleed for it .
I wish him very happy ; and I am so sure of his always doing his duty , that though now he may harbour some regret , in the end he must become so .
Our analyses also support further our previous finding that basal UOS pressure is highly labile and emphasise that the level of arousal must be recorded and controlled for any valid comparisons of basal UOS pressure .
Mrs . Goddard , and the teachers , and the girls and the affairs of the school in general , formed naturally a great part of the conversation -- and but for her acquaintance with the Martins of Abbey - Mill Farm , it must have been the whole .
` Not that it was such a very old petticoat either -- for still it would last a great while -- and , indeed , she must thankfully say that their petticoats were all very strong .'"
`` An optimal policy has the property that whatever the initial state and initial decision are , the remaining decisions must constitute an optimal policy with respect to the state resulting from the first decision '' .
17 : 1 Now when they had passed through Amphipolis and Apollonia , they came to Thessalonica , where was a synagogue of the Jews : 17 : 2 And Paul , as his manner was , went in unto them , and three sabbath days reasoned with them out of the scriptures , 17 : 3 Opening and alleging , that Christ must needs have suffered , and risen again from the dead ; and that this Jesus , whom I preach unto you , is Christ .
At the end of its letter was the information that applicants for this position `` must also be prepared to teach costume design and advertising art '' .
While some suppression and some denial are not only necessary but healthy , the worker's clinical knowledge must determine how these defenses are being used , what healthy shifts in defensive adaptation are indicated , and when efforts at bringing about change can be most effectively timed .
Tenders for the notes , available in minimum $ 5,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Tuesday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches .
" Yes ; I got back from my Aunt Barbara under pretence that I must study for repetition day an hour later to - night .
And when you get there , you must tell him at what time you would have him come for you again ; and you had better name an early hour .
Kenneth Baker has decreed that all new cable systems must be compatible , so that a system laid in one part of the country will interface with the systems laid in other parts . 
The church itself must be repaired .
If Hal Yarrow had been killed in a crash , he must have wanted it that way .
Something of the kind must have been operative when Galileo first introduced the telescope as an instrument for exploring the heavens . 
From their counsel , or their conversation , she knew she could receive no assistance , their tenderness and sorrow must add to her distress , while her self - command would neither receive encouragement from their example nor from their praise .
However , it must be added that these subjects were consuming quite a large quantity of food and were not attempting to shed weight . 
Finally , as greenhouse gas emissions are projected to grow exponentially in the developing world in the next two decades , we must evaluate the costs of imposing domestic reductions as a very high cost against potentially low-cost opportunities for mitigating and sequestering carbon emissions in the developing world .
She must learn to feel that she had been mistaken with regard to both ; that she had been unfairly influenced by appearances in each ; that because Captain Wentworth ' s manners had not suited her own ideas , she had been too quick in suspecting them to indicate a character of dangerous impetuosity ; and that because Mr Elliot ' s manners had precisely pleased her in their propriety and correctness , their general politeness and suavity , she had been too quick in receiving them as the certain result of the most correct opinions and well - regulated mind .
" Quite out of the question , quite out of the question ," he replied ;-- " but you must often wish it , I am sure ."
I wish as well as every body else to be perfectly happy ; but , like every body else it must be in my own way .
If Congress `` would not have enacted those provisions which are within its power , independently of that which is not , '' then courts must strike the provisions as a piece .
There is another little item about Gamming which must not be forgotten here .
Having decided he must again race the tide , he began a desperate cumbersome run along the edge of the trough towards the breakwater .
It follows that any effective policy toward the underdeveloped countries must have a realistically long working horizon .
Your mother will secure to you , in time , that independence you are so anxious for ; it is her duty , and it will , it must ere long become her happiness to prevent your whole youth from being wasted in discontent .
Must have a bit of money to drive a car , and that great leather handbag had cost something , he should n't wonder . 
Consequently , the system giving area coverage ( if such coverage is less than world wide ) must be flexible and hence at least partially mobile .
I rather pity the young who live in London because they must be having a particularly difficult time . 
17 : 11 And it shall come to pass , when thy days be expired that thou must go to be with thy fathers , that I will raise up thy seed after thee , which shall be of thy sons ; and I will establish his kingdom .
No more monkey - jackets and tarpaulins for me ; I must mount a swallow - tail , and drive down a beaver ; so .
But breake my heart , for I must hold my tongue .
The lamp must also have a starter to heat the electrodes to a temperature where they begin to emit electrons . 
24 : 44 And he said unto them , These are the words which I spake unto you , while I was yet with you , that all things must be fulfilled , which were written in the law of Moses , and in the prophets , and in the psalms , concerning me .
Evidence that other sources of financing are unavailable must be provided .
These were pleasant feelings , and she walked about and indulged them till it was necessary to do as the others did , and collect round the strawberry - beds .-- The whole party were assembled , excepting Frank Churchill , who was expected every moment from Richmond ; and Mrs . Elton , in all her apparatus of happiness , her large bonnet and her basket , was very ready to lead the way in gathering , accepting , or talking -- strawberries , and only strawberries , could now be thought or spoken of .--" The best fruit in England -- every body ' s favourite -- always wholesome .-- These the finest beds and finest sorts .-- Delightful to gather for one ' s self -- the only way of really enjoying them .-- Morning decidedly the best time -- never tired -- every sort good -- hautboy infinitely superior -- no comparison -- the others hardly eatable -- hautboys very scarce -- Chili preferred -- white wood finest flavour of all -- price of strawberries in London -- abundance about Bristol -- Maple Grove -- cultivation -- beds when to be renewed -- gardeners thinking exactly different -- no general rule -- gardeners never to be put out of their way -- delicious fruit -- only too rich to be eaten much of -- inferior to cherries -- currants more refreshing -- only objection to gathering strawberries the stooping -- glaring sun -- tired to death -- could bear it no longer -- must go and sit in the shade ."
" You MUST drink tea with us to night ," said he , " for we shall be quite alone -- and tomorrow you must absolutely dine with us , for we shall be a large party ."
Statistically this has represented a loss to the nation , although one must admit that in an individual case the decision in retrospect may have been a wise one .
Whatever they may have been , however , she may now , and hereafter doubtless WILL turn with gratitude towards her own condition , when she compares it with that of my poor Eliza , when she considers the wretched and hopeless situation of this poor girl , and pictures her to herself , with an affection for him so strong , still as strong as her own , and with a mind tormented by self - reproach , which must attend her through life .
The churches , the taverns , and the various other places of the town must have known his figure well as he roved to and about them .
Billy Bonds , West Ham 's manager , keeps on saying that his team must win all their remaining matches to stay up , but they keep on losing instead . 
With what indignation such a letter as this must be read by Miss Dashwood , may be imagined .
During interviews he denied all knowledge of how the fire started but investigators said he must have been awarethat Bailey had confessed to his wife . 
Where pain of unextinguishable fire Must exercise us without hope of end The vassals of his anger , when the scourge Inexorably , and the torturing hour , Calls us to penance ?
However , before the latter can happen ( assuming for the moment that it is a desirable objective ) , it would seem to me that there are at least two major obstacles that must be overcome .
` Bring them into the kitchen , please , " she said , her hands clasped tightly together , ` I must tell them all the bad news personally . " 
To know God he must follow in Papa's footsteps .
The daughter of murdered Glasgow pensioner Agnes Law has described the killer as "  a monster who must be caught . "  
Britain is well placed with reserves of coal , oil and gas which must be husbanded in a national energy policy to balance the needs of the present with those of the future . 
Elinor scolded him , harshly as ladies always scold the imprudence which compliments themselves , for having spent so much time with them at Norland , when he must have felt his own inconstancy .
" Well , well , I am ready ;"-- and turning again to Emma , " but you must not be expecting such a _very_ fine young man ; you have only had _my_ account you know ; I dare say he is really nothing extraordinary :"-- though his own sparkling eyes at the moment were speaking a very different conviction .
No , I went round to worke , And ( my yong Mistris ) thus I did bespeake Lord Hamlet is a Prince out of thy Starre , This must not be : and then , I Precepts gaue her , That she should locke her selfe from his Resort , Admit no Messengers , receiue no Tokens : Which done , she tooke the Fruites of my Aduice , And he repulsed .
The rooms were shut up , the lodgers almost all gone , scarcely any family but of the residents left ; and , as there is nothing to admire in the buildings themselves , the remarkable situation of the town , the principal street almost hurrying into the water , the walk to the Cobb , skirting round the pleasant little bay , which , in the season , is animated with bathing machines and company ; the Cobb itself , its old wonders and new improvements , with the very beautiful line of cliffs stretching out to the east of the town , are what the stranger ' s eye will seek ; and a very strange stranger it must be , who does not see charms in the immediate environs of Lyme , to make him wish to know it better .
for it must needs be that offences come ; but woe to that man by whom the offence cometh !
" That conviction must be every thing to you ; and he is undoubtedly supported by the same trust in your ' s .
Its bewildering squares and parallelograms were compact and perfect as a Chinese puzzle ; an enormous hieroglyphic which man must decipher or die .
I must have been changed for Mabel !
She was waiting for him to make some reply , and he said slowly : ` I guess you must be homesick , now Captain Dawson is n't here . " 
She felt immediately that she should like him ; and there was a well - bred ease of manner , and a readiness to talk , which convinced her that he came intending to be acquainted with her , and that acquainted they soon must be .
Then turning to the stranger he said firmly , " I am sorry , sir , but we have something to do that must be done .
Harriet bore the intelligence very well -- blaming nobody -- and in every thing testifying such an ingenuousness of disposition and lowly opinion of herself , as must appear with particular advantage at that moment to her friend .
He explains that his citizens must not be corrupted by any of the misrepresentations of the gods or heroes that one finds in much poetry , and he observes that all `` these pantomimic gentlemen '' will be sent to another state .
It must expand !
But Trelleborg still must clear some tough hurdles .
And now that returns must show dependents ' Social Security numbers , the IRS wants to see which dependents show up on more than one return -- and which dependents turn out to be deceased .
Hurry hurry , they say , we must get done 
10 : 12 Then all the congregation answered and said with a loud voice , As thou hast said , so must we do .
The limit of the inquiry must be whether the magistrates have jurisdiction , supposing the facts alleged in the information to be true .
" Well , my dear , I must be gone before I have had half my talk out .
Still , however , though every thing had not been accomplished by her ingenious device , she could not but flatter herself that it had been the occasion of much present enjoyment to both , and must be leading them forward to the great event .
It must be a work of time to ascertain that no injury had been done to the spine ; but Mr Robinson found nothing to increase alarm , and Charles Musgrove began , consequently , to feel no necessity for longer confinement .
My Lord , you must tell vs where the body is , and go with vs to the King
But dominant in the sense that every other objective , no matter how worthy intrinsically , must defer to it .
Governments and local authorities must help householders and industry to segregate their waste according to the composition of the materials . 
`` Thou mayst have supernatural powers '' , exclaimed Yang Shan , `` yet thou must give back the Spirit of Buddha to me '' .
Alongside anxiety about loss must be placed a parallel feeling best expressed by the indignant snort of a parent of four ` children " in their twenties : ` Empty nest ?
Must Berlin remain divided ? ?
Several related tasks must be carried out if self-sustaining growth is to be achieved .
In my day , we were instructed that frost never hurt a baby yet , and if the baby cried it must be mastered .
But it coupled with this a requirement that Indians must bring their pelts to Mobile and thus save all costs of transportation into and out of the Indian country .
` How exciting it must be to have a famous mother . " 
It would be directed against the actual location of the unjust policy which , for love's sake and for the sake of justice , must be removed , and , indivisible from this , to the economic injury of the people directly and objectively a part of this policy .
Hari felt guilt sear her , she should be more considerate of her mother and yet the work must be done or there would be no money . 
In the corner of the room is a large bed hung with a dark musty surrounding curtain . 
The spokesman said the number to be furloughed cannot be estimated since the lay-offs must be carried out in each area depending on what men are most needed on the job .
He must have strained a muscle in his leg when the huge man had urged him forward , or when he 'd left so hurriedly . 
How much worse it must be for those who have n't been as fortunate as I in recovering from such trauma . 
`` It was a terrible loss to me '' , said Kate quietly , feeling the pain twist again at the mention , knowing now that Juanita must have written to him at Grafton .
Goe not my Horse the better , I must become a borrower of the Night , For a darke houre , or twaine
Still , we must remember that we cannot construct and justify generalizations of this sort unless we are ready to consider many special instances of influence moving between such areas as theology , philosophy , political thought , and literature .
To describe the space of solutions to Af , one must know something about differential equations ; ;
It sounded like a fair enough invitation , Peter Marshall reflected , and Bang-Jensen must have thought so too , because on the thirteenth , he met the group of three on the thirty-sixth floor of the U.N. .
Proof of this crime must be established by confession or by four witnesses .
He must have spent all last night developing and printing them ( as if he 'd go to the chemist 's !
" Something very melancholy must be the matter , I am sure ," said she .
Though neither knows where lie the nameless things of which the mystic sign gives forth such hints ; yet with me , as with the colt , somewhere those things must exist .
The devils knew that all men sinned , and all men must die .
This was against her ; but on the other hand , he spent so much of his time at Uppercross , that in removing thence she might be considered rather as leaving him behind , than as going towards him ; and , upon the whole , she believed she must , on this interesting question , be the gainer , almost as certainly as in her change of domestic society , in leaving poor Mary for Lady Russell .
Wilson made up his mind that he must receive at least $2,500 , but when he mentioned this to the Deacons they said nothing .
They must obey the instructions of their employer as long as those instructions are lawful ; an order to drive an unsafe lorry would clearly have to be disregarded by a lorry driver . 
So we must warn that percussion can easily be overworked and become tiresome . 
Publishers must ensure that universities do not become vast , cheap rate republishing businesses . 
" I feel like that ," he said laughing , but furiously flinging the sword some yards down the path , " and now let ' s go up to the house ; you must have some dinner ."
It must be a practical joke .
She must have sat alone there for a good quarter of an hour , singing to herself , before Henry and Lettice came crashing back through the woods , squealing that they had seen Humphrey and Janet and must take to the skiff at once . 
So is he mine : and in such bloody distance , That euery minute of his being , thrusts Against my neer ' st of Life : and though I could With bare - fac ' d power sweepe him from my sight , And bid my will auouch it ; yet I must not , For certaine friends that are both his , and mine , Whose loues I may not drop , but wayle his fall , Who I my selfe struck downe : and thence it is , That I to your assistance doe make loue , Masking the Businesse from the common Eye , For sundry weightie Reasons
yet some must have survived , because the old interest in number symbolism , divination , and magic persisted on into the Han dynasty , which succeeded in reuniting China and keeping it together for a longer period ( from 202 B.C. to A.D. 220 ) .
You must have known , that while you were enjoying yourself in Devonshire pursuing fresh schemes , always gay , always happy , she was reduced to the extremest indigence ."
I must buy something at Ford ' s .
The painting is estimated at a mere FFr50-80 million , not because of the recession so much as the fact it must obviously stay in France .
" She must be under some sort of penance , inflicted either by the Campbells or herself .
Flowing water , evident from younger sediments of three billion years ago , shows that the temperature must have been above freezing , indicating the Sun was not as cool as some scientists suggest .
The man must be a blockhead who wanted more .
Kenneth Baker has decreed that all new cable systems must be compatible , so that a system laid in one part of the country will interface with the systems laid in other parts .
But by an appeal to her affection for her mother , by representing the inconveniences which that indulgent mother must draw on herself , if ( as would probably be the case ) she consented to this increase of establishment , Marianne was shortly subdued ; and she promised not to tempt her mother to such imprudent kindness by mentioning the offer , and to tell Willoughby when she saw him next , that it must be declined .
The novelist who has been badly baptized in psychoanalysis often gives us the impression that since all men must have an Oedipus complex all men must have the same faces .
As a woman 's sexuality must be controlled by the male authority who should then utilize it solely for his own benefit , in their natal home women are not sexually active .
This must be stressed because it is absolutely essential to the argument of this concluding chapter .
All-weather roads must be provided next to the feeding floor so access will be possible all year .
Anne had gone unhappy to school , grieving for the loss of a mother whom she had dearly loved , feeling her separation from home , and suffering as a girl of fourteen , of strong sensibility and not high spirits , must suffer at such a time ; and Miss Hamilton , three years older than herself , but still from the want of near relations and a settled home , remaining another year at school , had been useful and good to her in a way which had considerably lessened her misery , and could never be remembered with indifference .
` I must confess the fire at the manor has caused me some problems , " admitted Christian . 
I am sure you must have heard of her before .
For example , if during the separation period you have attempted a reconciliation for five months then you must wait 
They marched with their banners high and bravely fluttering , Mother Verity thinking something must be done to convert a man whose laughter was false and whose smile hid a bitter soul . 
We must have some of your grapes for him ."
The threat of alliance between the king of France and an unfriendly ruler of northern Spain was one which must have worried the English in Bordeaux . 
Then after a swift silence that took them out across St . James ' s Park , he said : " The people must be taught to obey ; they must learn their own ignorance .
Walsh , lecturing the others on how they must junk ` traditional left-wing fund-raising methods " , had the most important job of the moment as fund-raising co-ordinator . 
While a wind wave never travels at more than 60 miles per hour , the velocity of a tsunami in the open sea must be reckoned in hundreds of miles per hour .
The 20-to-1 ratio for cochannel interference embodies one of the fundamental limiting principles which we must always take into account in AM assignments and allocations -- that signals from a particular station are potential sources of objectionable interference over an area much greater than that within which they provide useful service .
24 : 6 And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars : see that ye be not troubled : for all these things must come to pass , but the end is not yet .
He blamed the decline in sales on ‘ the erosion of distribution channels ’ and on management philosophy , which ‘ must clearly undergo a radical change ’ . 
Similarly they must be pleased by the traces of evidence that suggest partisan voters find the relative impartiality of television news somewhat irritating . 
He must tie one end of the string to the opening of the cave and then let the ball unwind as he went down into the labyrinth . 
27 : 23 For there stood by me this night the angel of God , whose I am , and whom I serve , 27 : 24 Saying , Fear not , Paul ; thou must be brought before Caesar : and , lo , God hath given thee all them that sail with thee .
We must continue to ensure that the sentence fits the crime -- with long sentences for dangerous criminals , and fines and a tougher regime for punishment outside prison available as an alternative for less serious crime .
Llanover Hall in Cardiff was as packed as most venues the company play and the enthusiastic applause must become almost tedious to the team . 
A realistic balancing of the need for new forms of international organization on the one hand , and our capacity to achieve them on the other , must be approached through the concept of `` community '' .
It is true that this distinction between style and idea often approaches the arbitrary since in the end we must admit that style and content frequently influence or interpenetrate one another and sometimes appear as expressions of the same insight .
He must ask Maud Bailey about the Prowler , yet how could he do so without coming clean in some way -- about his own interest in the matter ?
While you are watching these bones in the water , you must on no consideration take your eyes off it . 
" At Delaford , she will be within an easy distance of me ," added Mrs . Dashwood , " even if I remain at Barton ; and in all probability ,-- for I hear it is a large village ,-- indeed there certainly MUST be some small house or cottage close by , that would suit us quite as well as our present situation ."
I must go to England to do the work and I want to marry Elizabeth when I return . " 
So soon as I hear that such or such a man gives himself out for a philosopher , I conclude that , like the dyspeptic old woman , he must have " broken his digester ."
To qualify for either type of loan , an applicant must be a small business or approved small business `` pool '' and must meet certain credit requirements .
Well I think really what one must look for now is more detailed research on what actually goes on in mixed ability classrooms . 
" Then I must bid you farewell for a longer time than I should wish to do ."
For the planners ' part , they know that they must come up with good results to make up for the inadequacies of the previous strategies . 
He must have stopped falling pretty abruptly .
The Paris court must consider whether it is entitled or competent to act on a decision taken in a foreign country such a long time ago .
She could not think that Harriet ' s solace or her own sins required more ; and she was therefore industriously getting rid of the subject as they returned ;-- but it burst out again when she thought she had succeeded , and after speaking some time of what the poor must suffer in winter , and receiving no other answer than a very plaintive -- " Mr . Elton is so good to the poor !"
To - morrow , ere fresh morning streak the east With first approach of light , we must be risen , And at our pleasant labour , to reform Yon flowery arbours , yonder alleys green , Our walk at noon , with branches overgrown , That mock our scant manuring , and require More hands than ours to lop their wanton growth : Those blossoms also , and those dropping gums , That lie bestrown , unsightly and unsmooth , Ask riddance , if we mean to tread with ease ; Mean while , as Nature wills , night bids us rest .
Israel coupled the raids with a warning to Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas that he must crack down decisively on Palestinian militant organizations or a U. S. -backed peace plan would fall apart .
But the main features of the system must be comprehensible to those Members of Parliament and councillors who are not specialists and to serious commentators and interested members of the public .
Mention of ` different levels of technology " , ` different social values " and ` economic surpluses available " serves to demonstrate some of the aspects which must be evaluated in any consideration of settlement siting . 
It seems to me that the prayers of the whole free world must rise like some vast petition to Providence that Sam Rayburn's vigor and his life remain undiminished through the coming decades .
YOU must have seen the difference as well as I .
" You mean ," said Turnbull , in a voice surprisingly soft and gentle , " that there is something fine about fighting in a place where even the conqueror must die ?"
There must be some other girls . 
" Well , obviously ," cried his friend , " there must be one to be exposed ; one to threaten exposure ; and one at least whom exposure would horrify ."
Because they also detected tritium and indications of nuclear radiation , they asserted that the `` excess '' heat energy must be coming from energy released by the nuclear fusion of deuterium atoms inside the palladium rod .
While the matter is under discussion ministers can air their views but once the matter is decided all members of the Government , whether within the cabinet or not , must support it .
This sounds well on the B flat instrument , but must have been even more thrilling on the F trumpet for which it was written . 
The steeper the slope the more the toes must face downhill , and the steepest slopes climbed using this technique would be ascended backwards .
Very early on Sunday morning , before 9 o'clock in fact , Trevor Ward must have known that the portents were not good . 
And after thinking it all over and over again , he said , it seemed to him as if , now he had no fortune , and no nothing at all , it would be quite unkind to keep her on to the engagement , because it must be for her loss , for he had nothing but two thousand pounds , and no hope of any thing else ; and if he was to go into orders , as he had some thoughts , he could get nothing but a curacy , and how was they to live upon that ?-- He could not bear to think of her doing no better , and so he begged , if she had the least mind for it , to put an end to the matter directly , and leave him shift for himself .
now we must use a heavy one .
Although Butterflyfish are quite hardy when acclimatized , their conditions must be maintained with some degree of consistency .
He must show at the outset that he means exactly what he says .
Knightley .-- Were this most unequal of all connexions to take place , on her must rest all the reproach of having given it a beginning ; for his attachment , she must believe to be produced only by a consciousness of Harriet ' s ;-- and even were this not the case , he would never have known Harriet at all but for her folly .
BANGOR 'S Alex Lightbody must be the most bewildered bowler in the NIBA this season . 
Anti-competition agreements between firms , such as collusive price-fixing , must be notified and are generally outlawed .
To the tens of thousands who must transfer to ride to Seventy-fourth Street and change for the IND , this takes a daily toll of time and temper .
The microscope and orthicon are both selected to operate well into the ultraviolet spectrum , which means that all lenses must be quartz .
But you must not suppose from this specimen of his sermonizings that he ever flew into downright passions with his congregation .
He commented rather wryly : " Whether or not the delay of almost 6 months was procrastination must remain a matter of opinion . " 
We must also remember those who reacted against the dream as a kind of myth -- among them Melville , Hawthorne , and Henry James the elder , all of them out of a Christian background .
Whether this , or overt action , was the cause of the crash must be promptly determined .
Capital flows must be coordinated with national needs and planning .
that to fire others , the match itself must needs be wasting !
Pierce the woods , the earth , Somewhere listening to catch you must be the one I want .
As the words of a sentence are being recognised , using their orthographic structure , their sentence context or whatever , then they must be pieced together to reconstruct the underlying meaning of the sentence .
Over a relatively short period of time , usually about four to twelve weeks , the worker must be able to shift the focus , back and forth , between immediate external stressful exigencies ( `` precipitating stress '' ) and the key , emotionally relevant issues ( `` underlying problem '' ) which are , often in a dramatic preconscious breakthrough , reactivated by the crisis situation , and hence once again amenable to resolution .
Secondly , the Commissioner must make an annual report to the Prime Minister about his or her activities in the year in question . 
`` He must have forgiven me '' , Henrietta murmured to the room .
A man who felt rightly would say at once , simply and resolutely , to Mrs . Churchill -- ` Every sacrifice of mere pleasure you will always find me ready to make to your convenience ; but I must go and see my father immediately .
Emcee Jack Herbert insists Dick Nixon's campaign slogan for governor of California is , `` Knight Must Fall '' ! !
Therefore , what we must prove or disprove is that there were Saxons , in the broad sense in which we must construe the word , in the area of the Saxon Shore at the time it was called the Saxon Shore .
The only thing I do not thoroughly like is , that she seems to be sitting out of doors , with only a little shawl over her shoulders -- and it makes one think she must catch cold ."
I must admit to being somewhat taken aback by a remark in John Stewart 's letter about Gaelic ` being almost completely unrelated to any of the main European languages " ( Points of View , today ) . 
" There is no use in staying here ; I must be off ."
It was horrible to Emma to think how it must sink him in the general opinion , to foresee the smiles , the sneers , the merriment it would prompt at his expense ; the mortification and disdain of his brother , the thousand inconveniences to himself .-- Could it be ?-- No ; it was impossible .
Lady Russell was fond of Bath , in short , and disposed to think it must suit them all ; and as to her young friend ' s health , by passing all the warm months with her at Kellynch Lodge , every danger would be avoided ; and it was in fact , a change which must do both health and spirits good .
then first I must tell you how I came to suspect Mr . Magpie .
` Drivers must stop their cars immediately before passing under railway bridges at Selhurst Station and Selby Road and conductors must mount the stairs and ascertain that all passengers are seated and warned of the danger . " 
The idea shocked many people who were convinced that the only cause must be genetic , or chemical , or a virus , something they could put under a microscope . 
She could not but suppose it to be a match that every body who knew them must think of .
` Now you must n't say things like that , "  Ruth admonished her . "  
They must have recalled the prophetic remarks in 1829 of the Nez Perce elder Speckled Snake : ` I have listened to many talks from the great father . 
Clearly , the first seems to call for `` a model , '' for the name , surrounded by punctuation becomes less significant ; also , in that sequence the reader is not boxed into the corner of obligation where he must stand , face to the wall , if unaware of who this `` in '' personage might be .
The U.N. health agency says suspected cases of the Ebola-like Marburg virus in Angola must be detected and isolated sooner if the disease is to be brought under control .
The General and his supporters retorted that " for France to be strong , the French must be prosperous " . 
The presence of parasitic organisms such as Trichinella spiralis in pork introduces another factor which must be dealt with in food processing .
And when she came home she said , Do you know what she said she must have taken ages she said to put that cord through that er beam , she said . 
But we ' re talking too much ; you must come at once , and there may be time yet ."
Have it in mind that to - morrow ' s fair day , and Lightfoot must go .
Elinor , who saw as plainly by this , as if she had seen the direction , that it must come from Willoughby , felt immediately such a sickness at heart as made her hardly able to hold up her head , and sat in such a general tremour as made her fear it impossible to escape Mrs . Jenning ' s notice .
" Well , my dear , and did you get there safely ?-- And how did you find my worthy old friend and her daughter ?-- I dare say they must have been very much obliged to you for coming .
Yet this utterly individual historical person must also contain within himself the common history of mankind .
If the dance teachers of America make it their business to prepare their young charges for the gymnastics that must come some day if our schools are really responsible , we will be that much ahead .
While Mr Stych was canoeing back down a tributary of the Mackenzie- already dangerous with chunks of ice , to an appointment with a helicopter , Mr Frizzell was trying on his last year 's brocade waistcoat and finding it too small ; Mr MacDonald , Ian 's father , was winding up a trying compensation case for his insurance company at Vermilion ; and Mr MacDonald ( oil ) was trying to explain to his superiors in Sarnia , Ontario , why he must be back in a place like Tollemarche by the middle of December . 
But at first I must confess , my vanity only was elevated by it .
When the Input/Output Control System is to be used in a program , a DIOCS statement must be used to select the major methods of processing to be used .
He was a director of S. & M. and must have been in on the decision .
But before turning to this example , we must distinguish two subtypes of analysis , both of which belong to the single-step type rather than to the double-step type .
So a national curriculum in English must reflect our values and beliefs , and we need to be as explicit about these as possible . 
So you yourself must seek these objective data , and come to your own conclusions .
and he passed his hand across his eyes , as if the remembrance were still too painful , but in a moment , half smiling again , added , " The day has produced some effects however ; has had some consequences which must be considered as the very reverse of frightful .
To avoid queues at the Theatre box office patrons wishing to pay by credit card must do so 24 hours in advance of the performance . 
" You surprise me ; I should think it must nearly have escaped her memory by THIS time ."
I must say , however , that I preferred the acting that had something of a biting edge to it .
I had also thought a lot about how God must look on true love , and so in a way I was keeping my promise to God , my promise to remain pure until I was married .
Must not Nature be persuaded many times ?)
Alas you know not , I must tell you then : You haue forgot the Will I told you of
Allen , who has missed the last four games , said : ` I must admit I was a little concerned and went to see the same specialist that did the operation on my groin before . 
I must be off .
For this decision a man must take personal responsibility .
Alone with Henrietta , the woman he came closest to loving , Minton must have confronted more forcibly than ever before the nature of his condition .
Overall , the Braintree team worked hard and produced a creditable performance which must be repeated at Lincoln on Saturday . 
What one needs to recognise , as my noble and learned friends have done , is that the privilege against self-incrimination must prevail , unless it has been modified or abrogated by statute .
They must be mad that they should expect such a delicate business as his preparation of Vologsky to be speeded up as though it was a crude operation on a factory bench . 
` You must be running a pretty busy operation here . "
Thus saying , rose The Monarch , and prevented all reply ; Prudent lest , from his resolution raised , Others among the chief might offer now , Certain to be refused , what erst they feared , And , so refused , might in opinion stand His rivals , winning cheap the high repute Which he through hazard huge must earn .
I am much happier since my father came to live here , and since you and I have been allowed to work and to play together , than I ever was before ; for you must know , before we came to live here , I had a cousin in the house with me , who used to plague me .
" You said yesterday , father , I thought , that you liked a little cheerful wood fire in the evening ; and there was a great shower of hail ; your coat is quite wet , we must dry it ."
" You are very kind -- but you are mistaken -- and I must set you right .-- I am not in want of that sort of compassion .
The whole house was quiet and she told herself that she must be careful not to awaken the two other sleeping inhabitants . 
Further , we must induce all industrialized nations of the Free World to work together to help lift the scourge of poverty from less fortunate .
Stone conservators , for example , work with chemical solvents and resins and must take the utmost care to avoid any risk of damage . 
The words were mouthed ; they must not be detected . 
He and the other Officers must have been very close to the shell burst !
In the case of midden work , Antie must be able to identify garbage , grasp it , carry it out of the nest , and deposit it about halfway down the mound before returning to repeat the process ad infinitum ( or until stimulated to switch behaviors ) .
` You really must n't bother me too much , old love , must n't disturb the goose when he 's trying to lay the golden egg , y'know . " 
The sudden exclamations of the crew must have alarmed the whale ; and ere the boats were down , majestically turning , he swam away to the leeward , but with such a steady tranquillity , and making so few ripples as he swam , that thinking after all he might not as yet be alarmed , Ahab gave orders that not an oar should be used , and no man must speak but in whispers .
I must see and coax papa to buy me a new gown against the ball .
` This greater broad backed bookworm must be found before he encourages other animals to read those books he seems to devouring just now , " said laid back Rabbit . 
Any sensible construction of the terms of service involved that paragraph 19 must be read in the light of , and subject to , the obligation imposed by paragraph 16 . 
So we must look around for phenomena that occur every 150 million years or so . 
" Parties to the conflict must not deliberately attack , target or kill civilians , " said Staffan de Mistura , who heads the U. N. mission in Afghanistan .
I must make myself very disagreeable , or she would not have said such a thing to an old friend ."
It was horrible inside the tomb -- there was an acrid smell of bat droppings and also I think Chid must have been disrespectful enough to use the place as a lavatory . 
As you said in your State of the Union message , `` The problems are towering and unprecedented -- and the response must be towering and unprecedented as well '' .
Emma knew what was coming ; they must have the letter over again , and settle how long he had been gone , and how much he was engaged in company , and what a favourite he was wherever he went , and how full the Master of the Ceremonies ' ball had been ; and she went through it very well , with all the interest and all the commendation that could be requisite , and always putting forward to prevent Harriet ' s being obliged to say a word .
_We_ must begin ; we must go and pay wedding visit very soon ."
Cecilia was so infatuated with her vanity , that she neither perceived Leonora ' s sign nor Louisa ' s confusion , but continued showing off her present , by placing it in various situations , till at length she put it into the case , and laying it down with an affected carelessness upon the bed , " I must go now , Louisa .
She grabbed the wrap and hugged it round her , agonisingly aware of the swollen-eyed wreck she must look in the brightness . 
She must have been sixteen or seventeen summers old , tall and slender , and her eyes were as blue as a clear summer sky . 
When they heard it the sepoys threw back their heads and uttered a howl so piercing , so harrowing that every window in the Residency must have dissolved if they had not been already broken . 
" We must have several word - signs ," said Syme seriously --" words that we are likely to want , fine shades of meaning .
Father Brown was , perhaps , a little fanciful in his fatigue , but he almost thought the whole place must be growing larger , as things do in a nightmare .
But Sunday must have killed him by now ."
The bishop 's spokesman Canon Andy Radford said : ` It must be emphasised that no charges have been brought against the bishop and the allegations about him are unsubstantiated . 
It would have grieved me to lose your acquaintance , which must have been the consequence of your marrying Mr . Martin .
To be eligible to borrow from a Bank for Cooperatives , a cooperative must be an association in which farmers act together in processing and marketing farm products , purchasing farm supplies , or furnishing farm business services , and must meet the requirements set forth in the Farm Credit Act of 1933 , as amended .
It may , however , be noted that his gift for color and imagery must have been greatly stimulated by his stay in Paris .
They had not intended to go over till the summer , but she is so impatient to see them again -- for till she married , last October , she was never away from them so much as a week , which must make it very strange to be in different kingdoms , I was going to say , but however different countries , and so she wrote a very urgent letter to her mother -- or her father , I declare I do not know which it was , but we shall see presently in Jane ' s letter -- wrote in Mr . Dixon ' s name as well as her own , to press their coming over directly , and they would give them the meeting in Dublin , and take them back to their country seat , Baly - craig , a beautiful place , I fancy .
He was convinced that all this must be owing to some accident or mistake .
MY gratitude will be insured immediately by any information tending to that end , and HERS must be gained by it in time .
`` If we want to have our own nation , then we must be willing to do all the work ourselves , '' says Hendrik Verwoerd Jr. , son of the former prime minister and the leader of the Orange Workers , founded in 1980 .
Porters must be hired to move any amount of fish , however small , and minders paid to look after customers ' trucks . 
My hower is almost come , When I to sulphurous and tormenting Flames Must render vp my selfe
Woman's place is in the home : man must attend to matters of the yard .
Every member of the family must have a vital place in its life .
For all these reasons then , and others perhaps too analytic to be verbally developed here , Ahab plainly saw that he must still in a good degree continue true to the natural , nominal purpose of the Pequod ' s voyage ; observe all customary usages ; and not only that , but force himself to evince all his well known passionate interest in the general pursuit of his profession .
" I do not think he is conceited either , in general ," said Harriet , her conscience opposing such censure ; " at least , he is very good natured , and I shall always feel much obliged to him , and have a great regard for -- but that is quite a different thing from -- and you know , though he may like me , it does not follow that I should -- and certainly I must confess that since my visiting here I have seen people -- and if one comes to compare them , person and manners , there is no comparison at all , _one_ is so very handsome and agreeable .
She was not , to be sure , particularly inclined to draw out a long bill at this instant , but business must be done .
But Mrs . Smith must be obliged ;-- and her business will not detain you from us long I hope ."
This must have been Hudson's blackest discovery .
If a litigant chooses to enforce a Federal right in a State court , he cannot be heard to object if he is treated exactly as are plaintiffs who press like claims arising under State law with regard to the form in which the claim must be stated -- the particularity , for instance , with which a cause of action must be described .
Weasel Eyes looked as if he had n't moved but the other two hypocrites must have dined well for they were slouched , half-asleep , in their high-backed chairs .
The only way to reply to a rude challenge must be an affected brightness of spirit however drenched and uncomfortable one might feel . 
We must do something to keep the Marquis in Calais till tomorrow midday .
And Dave Grusin 's witty score embraces the banal requirements of banquet-hall musicianship -LRB- `` Feelings '' is a must -RRB- without condescension .
He had distinguished himself , and early gained the other step in rank , and must now , by successive captures , have made a handsome fortune .
For both economic and political reasons all segments of the population must be able to share in the growth of a country .
With these supports , she hoped that the acquaintance between herself and the Crofts , which , with Lady Russell , still resident in Kellynch , and Mary fixed only three miles off , must be anticipated , need not involve any particular awkwardness .
She must also show the relationships of such a scale to the claims for detachment made within particular cultural conventions . 
These tests are not accelerated and must be repeated to evaluate dimensional changes after repeated launderings .
Sole partner , and sole part , of all these joys , Dearer thyself than all ; needs must the Power That made us , and for us this ample world , Be infinitely good , and of his good As liberal and free as infinite ; That raised us from the dust , and placed us here In all this happiness , who at his hand Have nothing merited , nor can perform Aught whereof he hath need ; he who requires From us no other service than to keep This one , this easy charge , of all the trees In Paradise that bear delicious fruit So various , not to taste that only tree Of knowledge , planted by the tree of life ; So near grows death to life , whate ' er death is , Some dreadful thing no doubt ; for well thou knowest God hath pronounced it death to taste that tree , The only sign of our obedience left , Among so many signs of power and rule Conferred upon us , and dominion given Over all other creatures that possess Earth , air , and sea .
We must , therefore , have a look at the new archaeological material and re-examine the literary and place-name evidence which bears upon the problem .
repeated Felix , sneeringly ; " what , you MUST be a tell - tale !"
Lottery players , by and large , must be risk - lovers -- otherwise they 'd buy Treasury bonds instead of lottery tickets .
Equally , the human considerations of where a settlement is placed in a region are as important as the physical characteristics of the landscape which must be allowed for . 
Oh , you must be quite mistaken , I hope ."
Indeed , she had quite a long argument with the Lory , who at last turned sulky , and would only say , ' I am older than you , and must know better '; and this Alice would not allow without knowing how old it was , and , as the Lory positively refused to tell its age , there was no more to be said .
And therein lay the extent of his gratitude , she realised with a feeling of despondency , but to disguise her feelings she added brightly , ` When we 're at the hospital we must visit Stella . " 
hence I will excite their minds With more desire to know , and to reject Envious commands , invented with design To keep them low , whom knowledge might exalt Equal with Gods : aspiring to be such , They taste and die : What likelier can ensue But first with narrow search I must walk round This garden , and no corner leave unspied ; A chance but chance may lead where I may meet Some wandering Spirit of Heaven by fountain side , Or in thick shade retired , from him to draw What further would be learned .
Ahab must have the doubloon !
His first action must be to unloose that dreadful knotted necktie ; he pulled at it but it was too tight to move while he held the body in his arms . 
`` We must either integrate honestly or segregate honestly . ''
Remember , also , that the surgeon must operate from above , some eight or ten feet intervening between him and his subject , and that subject almost hidden in a discoloured , rolling , and oftentimes tumultuous and bursting sea .
We must ensure that the new system will not be used as a political tool .
` We must assist these children and I am told there are already 30 children on the waiting list for assessment . "
Women must either follow the male career route and spend little time with their children , or drop out for the vital middle years that filter out the top managers . 
Encouraged by this to a further examination of his opinions , she proceeded to question him on the subject of books ; her favourite authors were brought forward and dwelt upon with so rapturous a delight , that any young man of five and twenty must have been insensible indeed , not to become an immediate convert to the excellence of such works , however disregarded before .
It is not so very likely he should be distressed in his circumstances NOW , for he is a very prudent man , and to be sure must have cleared the estate by this time .
An intention to kill must be proved in order to convict someone of attempted murder . 
This is not to assume that his work was without merit , but the validity of his assumptions concerning the meaning of history must always be considered against this background of an unprofessional approach .
Feelings of a community of interest will have to be recreated -- in some of the new nations , indeed , they must be built for the first time -- on a new basis which looks toward the future and does not rely only on shared memories of the past .
" If she asks me , you know I must tell the truth ," replied he .
If two or more crewmen are slain then the remaining crew will be unable to cope , so when it shoots the cannon must miss a whole turn before it can shoot again . 
` If we are going to build the best stadium in England , it must be matched by the team . 
Before deciding where it is going , however , a college or university must know where it is .
Aye , aye , it must be so .
To coin another military metaphor , he must ` soldier on " knowing that all of this activity might well smack of sedition . 
But we must know if this is in accordance with your customs , and must have your agreement they will not misuse the power we put in their hands , to our hurt '' .
The aged , respectable leather-bound tomes of the Gould family library look down upon the nasty tale I have to tell with musty distaste . 
And once they were christened , as we might expect , the ` Hooligans " were understood as an entirely unprecedented and ` un-British " phenomenon : indeed , we must allow that it was most ingenious of late Victorian England to disown the British Hooligan by giving him an ` Irish " name . 
` I do n't see fit to compound this tragedy by adding to the deep distress that the incident must already have caused to you , the deceased 's relatives and others , " he said . 
The key point about the mucus-shedding process is that the aquarium must have a good , turbulent water circulation to help the leather corals get rid of their wastes . 
The product is , of course , caustic and any spills or splashes must be rinsed with plenty of water .
22 : 37 For I say unto you , that this that is written must yet be accomplished in me , And he was reckoned among the transgressors : for the things concerning me have an end .
Why must I be a policeman ?
My Grandfather must have recounted to his children his own role in some of the exciting events of the Magdala campaign , when a British army set out to rescue their Consul imprisoned by the Emperor Theodore . 
" See here ," he said sharply and with command , " you must fetch a doctor .
This aspect of the writing of reports has been exaggerated to impress on you that every report , even the least important , must be able to stand up to expert cross-examination .
He sounded weary and she was reminded that he must be very tired . 
repeated Bell , impatiently ; " I can ' t wait till then ; I must see it this minute ."
` Forgive me , I must go and powder my nose . 
When I remember how I ' ve cut down a mile and a half of green poisonous jungle with an old cutlass half as sharp as this ; and then remember I must stop here and chop this matchwood , because of some confounded old bargain scribbled in a family Bible , why , I --"
He denounced democracy as a psychopathic expression of inferiority and compromise as an aberration that must be crushed out of existence . 
` My poor wife 's attempt to scare her into flight must have been the final straw . 
It must also refer to the depth of thought behind the design whether the subject deals with a bold tale or a subtle philosophical , psychological or even theological theme . 
" I must kill you now ," said the fanatic , " because ----"
A cold front must have hit while I was inside .
For if one supposes that all good things become valueless if you remove the pleasure , one may infer that all the value must lie in the pleasure . 
To amuse her , and be agreeable in her eyes , seemed all that he cared for -- and Emma , glad to be enlivened , not sorry to be flattered , was gay and easy too , and gave him all the friendly encouragement , the admission to be gallant , which she had ever given in the first and most animating period of their acquaintance ; but which now , in her own estimation , meant nothing , though in the judgment of most people looking on it must have had such an appearance as no English word but flirtation could very well describe .
no sleepers must sleep in those beds , No bargainers ' bargains by day -- no brokers or speculators -- would they continue ?
" I must not hope to be ever situated as you are , in the midst of every dearest connexion , and therefore I cannot expect that simply growing older should make me indifferent about letters ."
13 : 5 Wherefore ye must needs be subject , not only for wrath , but also for conscience sake .
In order to situate those views we must begin with Oakeshott 's account of the nature of human conduct . 
But few thoughts of Pan stirred Ahab ' s brain , as standing like an iron statue at his accustomed place beside the mizen rigging , with one nostril he unthinkingly snuffed the sugary musk from the Bashee isles ( in whose sweet woods mild lovers must be walking ), and with the other consciously inhaled the salt breath of the new found sea ; that sea in which the hated White Whale must even then be swimming .
If the content of faith is to be presented today in a form that can be `` understanded of the people '' -- and this , it must not be forgotten , is one of the goals of the perennial theological task -- there is no other choice but to abandon completely a mythological manner of representation .
To achieve this goal of balanced development , communications between the central government and the local communities must be such that the needs and aspirations of the people themselves are effectively taken into account .
What is certain is that as the relationship between doctors and their patients becomes less paternalistic , so must the manner in which we seek to obtain their consent for treatment . 
Miss Woodhouse , must you be going ?-- You seem but just come -- so very obliging of you ."
That long ride the four of you took must've given him a good appetite .
She knew the bus from Linby to Coton must be just about due . 
It must be growing louder : he no longer had to strain to hear that it was a thumping , a patting , the sound of squashy objects striking glass . 
And the Lord said unto him , Arise , and go into the city , and it shall be told thee what thou must do .
But woe is me , you are so sicke of late , So farre from cheere , and from your former state , That I distrust you : yet though I distrust , Discomfort you ( my Lord ) it nothing must : For womens Feare and Loue , holds quantitie , In neither ought , or in extremity : Now what my loue is , proofe hath made you know , And as my Loue is siz ' d , my Feare is so
`` The human ego being what it is '' , I put in , `` science fiction has always assumed that the creatures on the planets of a thousand larger solar systems than ours must look like gigantic tube-nosed fruit bats .
This issue must have been raised before and BSM would presumably be gratified to see the situation successfully resolved , once and for all .
There must always be the fear that , however good a writer may be involved , the depiction of mental handicap will be unrealistic because the writer will have no real understanding about the subject . 
But to my surprise and no small concern , Queequeg now gave me to understand , that he had been diligently consulting Yojo -- the name of his black little god -- and Yojo had told him two or three times over , and strongly insisted upon it everyway , that instead of our going together among the whaling - fleet in harbor , and in concert selecting our craft ; instead of this , I say , Yojo earnestly enjoined that the selection of the ship should rest wholly with me , inasmuch as Yojo purposed befriending us ; and , in order to do so , had already pitched upon a vessel , which , if left to myself , I , Ishmael , should infallibly light upon , for all the world as though it had turned out by chance ; and in that vessel I must immediately ship myself , for the present irrespective of Queequeg .
Archbishop Aethelberht is said not to have spared evil kings , and there must be a possibility that he was soon as disenchanted with Aethelred 's faction as he had been with Alhred 's . 
But you must be a thorough whaleman , to see these sights ; and not only that , but if you wish to return to such a sight again , you must be sure and take the exact intersecting latitude and longitude of your first stand - point , else so chance - like are such observations of the hills , that your precise , previous stand - point would require a laborious re - discovery ; like the Soloma Islands , which still remain incognita , though once high - ruffed Mendanna trod them and old Figuera chronicled them .
This may reflect the fact that TNF-α therapies for IBD are aimed at efficiently clearing TNF-α , while IL -10 therapies must increase IL-10 and recombinant IL-10 is likely too rapidly cleared from the circulation after in vivo administration to provide a uniform protection [ 55 ] . On the other hand , IL -10 gene transfer technology has been used with some success in models of colitis , however its effectiveness is also variable .
It is because after they have passed Sloane Square they know that the next station must be Victoria , and nothing but Victoria .
All this will serve to show off the Ory style in fine fashion and is a must for those who want to collect elements of the old-time jazz before it is too late to lay hands on the gems .
The tailor said , " I will certainly do that , but you must give me an hour before we commence ."
I must burst up the show ; I must and will say everything .
Begge not your death of vs : Though now we must appeare bloody and cruell , As by our hands , and this our present Acte You see we do : Yet see you but our hands , And this , the bleeding businesse they haue done : Our hearts you see not , they are pittifull : And pitty to the generall wrong of Rome , As fire driues out fire , so pitty , pitty Hath done this deed on Caesar .
You must think one five hundred million times more above me than the other .
An alternative theory , and one which , if true , must sadden him , is that China no longer regards him as a threat . 
If these services are to be maintained , the New York Central must have the revenues to make them possible '' .
She dragged a hand through her hair , only too aware of how she must look . 
Watford did simple things well and in Bazeley had the sort of finisher Dalglish must have yearned for . 
Finally , just as no different issues are posed for thoughtful analysis by the foreshortening of time that may yet pass before the end of human life on this earth , but only stimulation and alarm to the imagination , the same thing must be said in connection with the question of what we may perhaps already be doing , by human action , to accelerate this end .
But that I am forbid To tell the secrets of my Prison - House ; I could a Tale vnfold , whose lightest word Would harrow vp thy soule , freeze thy young blood , Make thy two eyes like Starres , start from their Spheres , Thy knotty and combined lockes to part , And each particular haire to stand an end , Like Quilles vpon the fretfull Porpentine : But this eternall blason must not be To eares of flesh and bloud ; list Hamlet , oh list , If thou didst euer thy deare Father loue
They were both very fair complexioned , and they chatted sporadically to each other in a language foreign to Mr Frizzell , who imagined that they must be Dutch or German . 
Like ours , the economy of the space merchants must constantly expand in order to survive , and , like ours , it is based on the principle of `` ever increasing everybody's work and profits in the circle of consumption '' .
For a unified incident management system to succeed , each participant must have command and control of its own units and adequate internal communications .
There must be some hidden sexual factor involved , as though the soft-furred ( and therefore sexy ) cat has come to stand for sexual violence and rape , via its savagely sharp claws and canine teeth .
Finally , the citizen must , if true to his quality , be possessed of some civic virtue . 
However , in order to do this , it follows that you must be versatile and able to assume many different roles .
' Now , I give you fair warning ,' shouted the Queen , stamping on the ground as she spoke ; ' either you or your head must be off , and that in about half no time !
Without considering that it was not in her mother ' s plan to keep any horse , that if she were to alter her resolution in favour of this gift , she must buy another for the servant , and keep a servant to ride it , and after all , build a stable to receive them , she had accepted the present without hesitation , and told her sister of it in raptures .
I must have written to say how much I had enjoyed his fine book The Building Of Eternal Rome , and I found he had not regretted giving me the highest mark in his old course on the later Latin poets , although in my final examination I had ignored the questions and filled the bluebook with a comparison of Propertius and Coleridge .
Elinor derived no comfortable feelings from this conversation , to lessen the uneasiness of her mind on other points ; she was left , on the contrary , with a melancholy impression of Colonel Brandon ' s unhappiness , and was prevented even from wishing it removed , by her anxiety for the very event that must confirm it .
Sweet spices are a must when preparing food for feasts and festivals , especially at Easter . 
" What a great traveller you must have been , ma ' am !"
Our research and development program , serving as it does an industry which must compete against low-cost production throughout the world , continues to have primary emphasis at Leesona .
In Psalm 27 : 1 you read those beautiful words which you must have in your heart if you are to master the fears that surround you , or to drive them out if they have you in their grip : `` The Lord is my light and my salvation ; ;
These do not exist in the hops and must be converted from precursor a acids which are present by an extended period of boiling . 
In the spring , it must have been , he began working on the play that he called The House , which later would be Mannerhouse .
I must have wandered off course more than I had thought . 
` Randolph , you must help us quickly " he gasped , ` Rudolph , you dad has caught a bad cold and will not be able to pull the sleigh tonight . 
This must be considered primarily an amendment and supplement to his early A Short Description Of Item-Categories In Iraqw .
" Yes ," continued Elinor , gathering more resolution , as some of the worst was over , " Colonel Brandon means it as a testimony of his concern for what has lately passed -- for the cruel situation in which the unjustifiable conduct of your family has placed you -- a concern which I am sure Marianne , myself , and all your friends , must share ; and likewise as a proof of his high esteem for your general character , and his particular approbation of your behaviour on the present occasion ."
" No fairy fingers can have pressed the gold , but devil ' s claws must have left their mouldings there since yesterday ," murmured Starbuck to himself , leaning against the bulwarks .
Whatever breakdown is chosen , the course content must address all the ensuing topics . 
But the form in which the claim must be stated need not be different from what the State exacts in the enforcement of like obligations created by it , so long as a requirement does not add to , or diminish , the right as defined by Federal law , nor burden the realization of this right in the actualities of litigation '' .
This election must have been one of the last in Scotland where open bribery took place .
The method , Fischetti reports , is already successful in mice ; clinical trials will determine how long treatment must be continued , perhaps a week or so .
She must see you ."
For many of these measurements the chest must be opened , but the blood vessels and the heart itself remain undisturbed .
The architect must have been an opium fiend . 
` You must take his place , " said their father to Paul . 
There must be another reason why you are so sad , " he said , looking kindly at me . 
Eventually , she deduced the kid must have gone to find Nathan , who 'd slept in that morning and missed breakfast . 
Visiting staff must use an observation area , if available ; if not , they must conform to local safety rules , including the use of protective clothing .
There must be nothing worse than to find , after a couple of decades of academic graft , that there is a whole world of ideas out there of incomparable pedigree that has become inaccessible . 
As the head of the house , he felt that he ought to have been consulted , especially after taking the young man so publicly by the hand ; " For they must have been seen together ," he observed , " once at Tattersall ' s , and twice in the lobby of the House of Commons ."
It was n't locked and a musty smell floated into the passage . 
His history is his alone , yet each man must recognize his own history in it .
" It is a beautiful country ," he replied ; " but these bottoms must be dirty in winter ."
A police officer said : ` He must have staggered off by himself totally confused . 
Some other justification must be sought . 
Beset by illness -- with Gooch himself the most damaging victim of the last few weeks -- and bemused by Indian spin , England must pull themselves together if a bitterly disappointing tour is not to become a total disaster . 
The ideas might be splendid in themselves but you must consider how they will contribute to the strategy . 
Suspicions of foul play or insurrection must remain , if only as suspicions . 
To get that money , states must go through an elaborate approval process , but officials expect red tape to be cut this time .
But in sorrow she must be equally carried away by her fancy , and as far beyond consolation as in pleasure she was beyond alloy .
Some of the birds hurried off at once : one old Magpie began wrapping itself up very carefully , remarking , ' I really must be getting home ; the night - air doesn ' t suit my throat !'
Children must be protected from indoctrination from such sources .
Before the offer document is published , it must be submitted to the supervisory authority and the management of the target company .
Once it must have been a familiar sight in Cheltenham ; now the horse drawn carriage looks a little out of place among the busy traffic , snaking it 's way around the towns one-way system .
Therefore , Sir Walter , what I would take leave to suggest is , that if in consequence of any rumours getting abroad of your intention ; which must be contemplated as a possible thing , because we know how difficult it is to keep the actions and designs of one part of the world from the notice and curiosity of the other ; consequence has its tax ; I , John Shepherd , might conceal any family - matters that I chose , for nobody would think it worth their while to observe me ; but Sir Walter Elliot has eyes upon him which it may be very difficult to elude ; and therefore , thus much I venture upon , that it will not greatly surprise me if , with all our caution , some rumour of the truth should get abroad ; in the supposition of which , as I was going to observe , since applications will unquestionably follow , I should think any from our wealthy naval commanders particularly worth attending to ; and beg leave to add , that two hours will bring me over at any time , to save you the trouble of replying ."
The Romans soaked the pounded seed in wine and the word mustard is thought to come from the Latin mustum ardens meaning " burning must " -- grape must is newly-fermented grape juice . 
But as it is , it must be out of anybody ' s power to assist him .
Later Sunday morning in southwest Ghazni province , a bicycle packet with explosives detonated in Mustofyet square in Ghazni province , killing two policemen and wounding a bystander , provincial police chief Zerawar Zahid said .
All parties given notice of the appointment must attend unless the court or justices ' clerk directs otherwise ( FPCR , r16(1) ; FPR , r4.16(1) ) . 
" O , father , here ' s my white pigeon come back of his own accord ," exclaimed Brian ; " I must run and show him to my mother ."
I must say I was not totally happy about her going on at Yeo Davis , with me in the government . 
But everything must take its chance .
The line must have tangled , because the next thing I knew , or rather felt , was a searing pain in my thumb as the hook dug in . 
I should have thought your last impressions of Lyme must have been strong disgust ."
You must understand , I haven't been in this state too long .
I tried to believe that what must have happened was that , restless , disturbed by this telephone call or whatever , she walked out in the night , as she had a habit of doing .
no inconsiderable oil came up with the water ; the casks below must have sprung a bad leak .
Any departure from the standard must be justified by the individual circumstances .
It is not through space nor time that the time machine most approved by science fiction must travel for a visit to the permanent prehistoric past , or the ever-existent past-fantasy future .
The document said that study of Marxism-Leninism and Mao Zedong Thought must be intensified . 
` Everyone must know that we do n't live together , or even see each other . " 
The catechism says homosexuals must abstain from sex , but should be treated with respect and compassion . 
EC beef exported to west Africa sells for as little as a quarter of the price shoppers in Britain must pay . 
" And you must be off this very morning ?"
Investors who wish to be out of a position , without the risk of receiving a worse-than-expected price from a market order , may use this type of order to specify the price at which the order must be filled .
" Harriet must give us as much of her company as she can while my brother and sister are here .
And yet Wilson knew that this place must go or he must go .
By attempting to show that the monetary changes were not associated with the changes in national income , they concluded that it must be the change in the money supply that causes the change in national income . 
It must have a taste to it . 
I must stress that only aluminium cans are acceptable and , if possible , they should be crushed as they take up less room . 
The hunter , you know ; since Wheeler won ' t pay , I must -- that ' s all .
`` She must have taken the registration when she went to Walter's .
Someone must have buried them when they were too frightened to hand them in to the police station . 
yet not terrible , That I should fear ; nor sociably mild , As Raphael , that I should much confide ; But solemn and sublime ; whom not to offend , With reverence I must meet , and thou retire .
She ' s a particular favourite of mine , you must know ; and I mean to do her a piece of service the first opportunity , by saying something or other , that shall go round to her relations in Northumberland , and make them do something for her ; as well they may , for they are all rolling in gold , and won ' t give her a penny ."
And after all , what did it signify to my character in the opinion of Marianne and her friends , in what language my answer was couched ?-- It must have been only to one end .
But he must have been ; that was why he was shirtless . 
He offers two reasons why we must replace the welfare state , three steps toward success , Four Great Truths of our Generation , five Pillars of Freedom and Progress , seven aspects of committing ourselves to real change , nine zones of invention and creativity , 10 steps toward Renewing American Civilization , 13 Renewing America Strategies , 14 steps to replacing the welfare state with an opportunity society , and 17 key factors in a House victory .
By 1913 Pound is confiding in his fiancée as , we must believe , he did to no one else . 
23 : 11 And the night following the Lord stood by him , and said , Be of good cheer , Paul : for as thou hast testified of me in Jerusalem , so must thou bear witness also at Rome .
We must believe in ourselves and not be sensitive to remarks made by others who want to hurt us . 
One must expect this and while we are trying to understand fully the development of dune shapes and dune systems , it is necessary that researchers should classify dunes on a descriptive basis . 
The introduction must be unpleasant , whenever it takes place ; and the sooner it could be over , the better ."
" We must get away from here instantly ," cried Flambeau , flinging the huge seat away with furious indifference on the beach .
But if a receiver has been appointed by the court , the court 's leave must be obtained , for it is then in possession through its officers . 
Therefore I must judge of what I should do , by seeing what others do in the same circumstances ."
He must deal with the question of how to manage a part when it cannot be handled without relation to the whole -- when the whole is too large to grasp .
But , with all due respects and allowances , it must truthfully be said that what they heard was more syrupy than sweet , more mannered than musical .
" Must be that Chatterer got out of bed the wrong way this morning ," thought he .
You must haue patience Madam
She must talk to Lady Russell , tell her , consult with her , and having done her best , wait the event with as much composure as possible ; and after all , her greatest want of composure would be in that quarter of the mind which could not be opened to Lady Russell ; in that flow of anxieties and fears which must be all to herself .
One girl describes her past , her succession of broken marriages , the abortions she has had and finally confesses that she loves sex and sees no reason why she must justify her passion .
One might , indeed , argue that the history of ideas , in so far as it includes the literatures , must center on characterizations of human nature and that the great periods of literary achievement may be distinguished from one another by reference to the images of human nature that they succeed in fashioning .
You may guess , after all these expenses , how very far we must be from being rich , and how acceptable Mrs . Ferrars ' s kindness is ."
As pressure mounts here and at home for U. S. troops to start leaving , the assault in Diyala province this month showed how far the Iraqis must go before they can stand on their own .
" But you must go , Charles .
As a result , Mr. Steinhardt must reconcile himself to selling USAir at a loss , or to holding the shares as an old-fashioned investment .
Aye , lad , thou shalt sit here in my own screwed chair ; another screw to it , thou must be ."
And Jonathan told him , and said , I did but taste a little honey with the end of the rod that was in mine hand , and , lo , I must die .
One must be to help shape public awareness about how Britain 's role in the world has changed . 
When the Marquis was informed by his seconds that Syme could only fight in the morning , he must fully have realised that an obstacle had suddenly arisen between him and his bomb - throwing business in the capital .
His neighbors celebrated his return , even if it was only temporary , and Morgan was especially gratified by the quaint expression of an elderly friend , Isaac Lane , who told him , `` A man that has so often left all that is dear to him , as thou hast , to serve thy country , must create a sympathetic feeling in every patriotic heart '' .
The existing constitution stipulated that in the event of the president 's death , the vice-president must act in place of the president for the ninety days which would elapse before an election could be held .
I must admit I liked her ; she wo n't squander her grandfather 's money , that 's for sure . 
The working test of `` the facts '' must always be the best available description obtainable from scholars and scientists who have applied their methods of investigation to relevant situations .
In the event of loss of money and/or travellers cheques and also in the event of loss of jewellery or personal effects through burglary or theft you must notify the police within 24 hours of discovery . 
And the group will urge that the federal government pre-empt state rules on what must be covered by employers ' health insurance .
Production must be adjusted accordingly , at minimum cost and quickly .
To comprehend all that was involved here , one must experience the full force of tragedy at first hand ; and here Act III of Tristan can be pointed to as a prime specimen of tragic art . 
He must have all Edward ' s virtues , and his person and manners must ornament his goodness with every possible charm ."
` I must confess something to you , " he said . 
First the chairman must be quite clear what the objectives of the company are .
One intuitively powerful argument , for instance , is that since animals regularly face problems and solve them in sensible ways , they must have some intellectual grasp of the problem .
There must first be a deeper sense that the church belongs not to us but to Christ , and that it is His purpose , not our own interests and preferences , that determines what it is to be and do .
Nevertheless , as the second iron is already connected with the line , and the line is running , hence that weapon must , at all events , be anticipatingly tossed out of the boat , somehow and somewhere ; else the most terrible jeopardy would involve all hands .
To accomplish his object Ahab must use tools ; and of all tools used in the shadow of the moon , men are most apt to get out of order .
The forces which survive the initial attack must be found and destroyed .
All scholars agree that the text of Boniface IV's letter which is quoted here was a forgery of the eleventh century , and something must be said about this later . 
While I , to blind the world to our engagement , was behaving one hour with objectionable particularity to another woman , was she to be consenting the next to a proposal which might have made every previous caution useless ?-- Had we been met walking together between Donwell and Highbury , the truth must have been suspected .-- I was mad enough , however , to resent .-- I doubted her affection .
Striker Paul Wilkinson must also be suffering fatigue as the only ever-present outfield player . 
She swept her sodden hair back from her face thinking she must look a proper sight . 
He must be either indifferent or unwilling .
Miss Fairfax must already have given her account .-- I shall not commit myself by claiming more than she may chuse to allow ."
You , whom she had known from an infant , whom she had seen grow up from a period when her notice was an honour , to have you now , in thoughtless spirits , and the pride of the moment , laugh at her , humble her -- and before her niece , too -- and before others , many of whom ( certainly _some_ ,) would be entirely guided by _your_ treatment of her .-- This is not pleasant to you , Emma -- and it is very far from pleasant to me ; but I must , I will ,-- I will tell you truths while I can ; satisfied with proving myself your friend by very faithful counsel , and trusting that you will some time or other do me greater justice than you can do now ."
He that ' s comming , Must be prouided for : and you shall put This Nights great Businesse into my dispatch , Which shall to all our Nights , and Dayes to come , Giue solely soueraigne sway , and Masterdome
There ; before I saw it off , now , I must call his old Mogulship , and see whether the length will be all right ; too short , if anything , I guess .
The only wonder was , what they could be waiting for , till the business at Lyme came ; then , indeed , it was clear enough that they must wait till her brain was set to right .
" Really we must see Baynes at once , " cried Holmes , picking up his hat .
" But you know we must not go into the lane ," said Loveit , hesitatingly .
A short , a very short time however must now decide what Willoughby ' s intentions were ; in all probability he was already in town .
Her hair was dyed , and her bloom was fading , and she must have been crowding forty , but she seemed to be one of those women who cling to the manners and graces of a pretty child of eight .
The Providence Daily Journal stated that although the guilt of Brown was evident , the South must guarantee him a fair trial to preserve domestic peace .
It must sometimes puzzle the Russians how easy it is to plant such nonsense on British intelligence but what they do not appreciate is that if defectors did not invent such silly tales MI5 and MI6 would do so themselves anyway . 
That the hair was her own , she instantaneously felt as well satisfied as Marianne ; the only difference in their conclusions was , that what Marianne considered as a free gift from her sister , Elinor was conscious must have been procured by some theft or contrivance unknown to herself .
It must be truly wonderful to walk through life guarded by such a shield . 
And it was then she had decided that war work or not , her daughter 's excursions with convalescent wounded must stop at once . 
But " she could never get acquainted with her : she did not know how it was , but there was such coldness and reserve -- such apparent indifference whether she pleased or not -- and then , her aunt was such an eternal talker !-- and she was made such a fuss with by every body !-- and it had been always imagined that they were to be so intimate -- because their ages were the same , every body had supposed they must be so fond of each other ."
We must ask ourselves which of the two alternatives will help the commuter -- the two-way B. & O. - C. & O. merger , or the three-way New York Central - B. & O. - C. & O. merger .
We must remember , first , that a social class is by no means always culturally monolithic .
Therefore , the on-the-scene commander must have detailed operating instructions based on measurement of conditions , in the area , at the time of encounter .
The girl who was being tutored out of school , and was , it must be remembered , a very disturbed child , had made a number of allegations to her teacher . 
There must be enough time and space for each child to wash properly . 
To appreciate this development , we must relate it to other aspects of nineteenth-century philosophy .
But if your repertoire includes standards like Wo n't Get Fooled Again , Substitute , and My Generation , it must be galling to be made to justify your desire to go out and play them . 
3 : 14 And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness , even so must the Son of man be lifted up : 3 : 15 That whosoever believeth in him should not perish , but have eternal life .
Logic suggests that blame for such a situation must usually be equally divided , and that there are just as many bad , uncaring or downright lazy mothers as there bad , selfish and irresponsible fathers .
So , so ; he travels fast , and I must down .
Until then , bear in mind the spirit of the law : use reasonable force to defend yourself , but only when you must . 
And the few must win what the many lose , for the opposite arrangement would not support markets as we know them at all , and is , in fact , unimaginable .
Deep wounds must be stitched together to help the healing process and they tend to leave scars . 
She must have forgotten a few things in the holidays , like the time I pushed her in the school goldfish pond . 
We must fight now or else ----"
If your favorite song is not here it must be an unfamiliar one .
I must thank you for replying so promptly to the questionnaire which we enclosed with the last issue of The Birmingham Magazine . 
We must use our freedom to become enlightened , or we are doomed . 
The volume is a piece of passionate special pleading , written with the heat -- and often with the wisdom , it must be said -- of a Liberal damning the shortsightedness of politicians from 1782 to 1832 .
Noble Banquo , That hast no lesse deseru ' d , nor must be knowne No lesse to haue done so : Let me enfold thee , And hold thee to my Heart
" Why , mammy ' s horse ," added Jem , looking out of the window ; " I must make haste home , and feed him afore it gets dark ; he ' ll wonder what ' s gone with me ."
you must have a list of requirements on where , how many , and what type sites are needed .
Our action must at least go further than it has gone under recent interrupted conditions .
He must think she was babbling like a schoolgirl , but there was nothing even remotely schoolgirlish about her growing awareness of this man . 
The objective must be to keep it simple , yet allow adjustment for up and down inclination of the camera and rotary motion .
And he smiled with such seeming pleasure at the conviction , that she must proceed another step .
The outcome of State Department deliberations in the first four months of 1949 was that the character of the occupation must be changed so as to afford the Japanese more legitimate freedom of action . 
my dear mother , you must be wrong in permitting an engagement between a daughter so young , a man so little known , to be carried on in so doubtful , so mysterious a manner !
22 : 5 And David said , Solomon my son is young and tender , and the house that is to be builded for the LORD must be exceeding magnifical , of fame and of glory throughout all countries : I will therefore now make preparation for it .
I must follow up these continual lessons of the air , water , earth , I perceive I have no time to lose .
Whoever needed to know his identity must have some pretty strong reason and quite astonishing contacts if officials from the East were doing the dirty work . 
He was released without any reproach to himself , from an entanglement which had long formed his misery , from a woman whom he had long ceased to love ;-- and elevated at once to that security with another , which he must have thought of almost with despair , as soon as he had learnt to consider it with desire .
Young people must discover faith for themselves and make it truly their own if they are to find a foundation for life . 
Yet his emotions must have been sorely strained when , in 1585 , he had to execute his own brother-in-law . 
He says the state , in order to proceed with economic development , must develop an understanding of how the various parts of its economy fit together and dovetail into the national economy .
What is now amisse , That Caesar and his Senate must redresse ?
I was sure it could not be far off ; but I had put my huswife upon it , you see , without being aware , and so it was quite hid , but I had it in my hand so very lately that I was almost sure it must be on the table .
" There must be some mistake , or some trick in this ," said the gentleman .
said the lords and ladies , " that must be the Nightingale ; what a large voice for so small a creature !"
The Government must now seek ways of strengthening the Union to ensure it continuing vitality , while showing appropriate sensitivity to the nationalistic sentiments stirred up by this election .
The theme of many of the leaflets plastered over church walls is the same : ` The police state methods must change . "
it must be , he ' s lost his tiller ."
He was almost positive it was not Assyrian nor Cassite , and imagined it must have been German or English .
Harriet was farther unfortunate in the tone of her companions at Mrs . Goddard ' s ; Mr . Elton being the adoration of all the teachers and great girls in the school ; and it must be at Hartfield only that she could have any chance of hearing him spoken of with cooling moderation or repellent truth .
Indeed I must say that , much as I had heard of him before and much as I had expected , he very far exceeds any thing .
18 : 22 Neither must the children of Israel henceforth come nigh the tabernacle of the congregation , lest they bear sin , and die .
He decided that the marines must be deploying around the meadow , with the one left to distract him .
Then poor Pamela must be turned off and looked upon as a vile abandoned creature , and everybody would despise her , and justly too , Mrs. Jervis . 
Penrose 's theorem had shown that any collapsing star must end in a singularity ; the time-reversed argument showed that any Friedmann-like expanding universe must have begun with a singularity . 
Mr . Perry could not quite understand him , but he was very sure there must be a _lady_ in the case , and he told him so ; and Mr . Elton only looked very conscious and smiling , and rode off in great spirits .
`` All we have left in the world is one another , and we must stay together the way Mother wanted '' , Kowalski said in telling his children of their mother's death yesterday afternoon .
It must be very rewarding to be in a position to watch your granddaughter grow up , especially in such a gorgeous spot . " 
Somewhere , beyond , where shadows lurked , must be the yawning pit of which Papa preached and the dreadful Lake of Fire .
First , for any value of T for which all values of f{t} are ordinary points the number of values of f{t} must be odd .
No , no , no ; I must have a lantern .
I am sure you must have been struck by his awkward look and abrupt manner , and the uncouthness of a voice which I heard to be wholly unmodulated as I stood here ."
Under guidelines included in an exchange of letters between the Reagan administration and the Senate Intelligence panel last year , the U.S. must inform foreign dictators of plans likely to endanger their lives .
To build a sophisticated software editor for a visual language and , especially , to design the language to support computer archiving and analysis , one must , however , establish deeper foundations for creating , organizing and using graphic elements .
" My dearest Emma , do not pretend , with your sweet temper , to understand a bad one , or to lay down rules for it : you must let it go its own way .
Records must not be based on the measurement of subjective impressions such as the number of times parents felt depressed about their child 's behaviour . 
I shall never forget his flying Henry ' s kite for him that very windy day last Easter -- and ever since his particular kindness last September twelvemonth in writing that note , at twelve o ' clock at night , on purpose to assure me that there was no scarlet fever at Cobham , I have been convinced there could not be a more feeling heart nor a better man in existence .-- If any body can deserve him , it must be Miss Taylor ."
He precipitately followed the firework - man the instant he left the shop , and seizing hold of his arm , whispered , " I must speak to you ."
The whole program must be conceived of as an effort , stretching over a considerable number of years , to alter the basic social and economic conditions in the less developed world .
When his money was at an end , these unprincipled friends began to look cold upon him , and at last plainly told him --" If you mean to LIVE WITH US , you must LIVE AS WE DO ."
Independent art schools granting degrees must , naturally , follow this with academic accreditation by the appropriate regional group .
What it is my Caius , I shall vnfold to thee , as we are going , To whom it must be done
It must be that son who sat before her now , shriveled to half his size and half his senses .
" His father ' s marriage ," he said , " had been the wisest measure , every friend must rejoice in it ; and the family from whom he had received such a blessing must be ever considered as having conferred the highest obligation on him ."
This gross contradiction in public spending priorities must be resolved in favour of a genuine ` green " future for the Valleys .
He said , `` We Democrats must resolve our issues on the test of what is right and just , and not what is expedient at the time '' .
We must not run over him before morning ; he ' s making a passage now , and may heave - to a while .
Businesses must develop as a result of the ideas , energies and ambitions of an individual having purpose and comprehensive ability within one mind .
Earlier statements that Japan must surrender all colonial possessions were reiterated but the precise fate of Korea was not clarified: Korea was to become independent at a future date but what would happen in the interim period remained to be decided. 
One must try to locate the precise questions with which to replace Marx 's schematism . 
He knew there must be plenty on the other side , if he could only get to them , but he could not swim .
But as she wanted to be drawing , the declaration must wait a little longer .
" Come , come ," cried Emma , feeling this to be an unsafe subject , " I must beg you not to talk of the sea .
I cannot get him out of my head , but you must send for him to Barton , and Miss Marianne must try to comfort him ."
" As to that ," said he , " I must rub through the world as well as I can .
At the end of that period , Lady Russell ' s politeness could repose no longer , and the fainter self - threatenings of the past became in a decided tone , " I must call on Mrs Croft ; I really must call upon her soon .
I must plead guilty to a special sympathy for nomias .
13 : 10 He that leadeth into captivity shall go into captivity : he that killeth with the sword must be killed with the sword .
The vines are in fact situated on a hint of a mound just west of the town , growing at an altitude of between 100 and 105 metres which must be a classic example of frost-prone cultivation .
We may all be killed , but we must kill a tidy number of them ."
Whether former feelings were to be renewed must be brought to the proof ; former times must undoubtedly be brought to the recollection of each ; they could not but be reverted to ; the year of their engagement could not but be named by him , in the little narratives or descriptions which conversation called forth .
They felt that they were relaxing as much as they could and that any control factors which might be present to prevent response must be on an unconscious level .
Like the vice-president , the chairman of the joint chiefs must keep his advice to the president secret . 
Bad indeed must the nature of Marianne ' s affliction be , when her mother could talk of fortitude !
Matt Hensley stays crouched low , so I figure it must be a good way to skate streets . 
What queer fellows your fine painters must be , to think that anybody would venture their lives in such a shapeless old cockleshell as that ?
Her faith was plighted , and Mr Elliot ' s character , like the Sultaness Scheherazade ' s head , must live another day .
Whatever is known must be known by acquaintance or by description . 
He could have continued placidly with the life he had chosen , and would have excelled ; but telegrams of a peremptory nature , saying his mother 's illness had taken a turn for the worse and he must come , kept arriving from Colonel Carteret , and Paul had to leave his work , abandon lectures , and make the weary journey to London time and again , only to find Sophia weak but resigned , and reproachful for his having come at all . 
If this choice is less exciting than New York Democrats may wish , it nevertheless must be made .
Because progress in learning a language is continuous but uneven , the definition of the different levels of attainment must in certain respects be a matter of judgement . 
26 : 54 But how then shall the scriptures be fulfilled , that thus it must be ?
Think she must of the possible difference to the poor little boy ; and yet she only gave herself a saucy conscious smile about it , and found amusement in detecting the real cause of that violent dislike of Mr . Knightley ' s marrying Jane Fairfax , or any body else , which at the time she had wholly imputed to the amiable solicitude of the sister and the aunt .
More difficult is conveying that injections must be self-administered and must not be missed . 
And here , gentlemen , the foul play of these miscreants must come out .
We must submit to our lot ."
" Westgate Buildings must have been rather surprised by the appearance of a carriage drawn up near its pavement ," observed Sir Walter .
But he is a West Point graduate and therefore must be born to command '' .
Like Southern Baptists of Tennessee , many Northern Irish Presbyterians believe that the wine enjoyed by Jesus and His disciples must have been grape juice , since Christians do not drink alcohol . 
He complained to me once that I must talk to her .
If you are setting out for Shrewsbury tomorrow , so must Saint Winifred .
Round and round he was twirled till he was so dizzy he thought he must perish .
He was the brother of her friends , and he took pains to please her ; and altogether , having seen nobody better ( that must have been his great assistant ) she might not , while she was at Abbey - Mill , find him disagreeable .
Thus , the congruences tangent to both waves must begin to shear , and it can be seen from ( 6.23 ) that the components of the Weyl tensor <gap desc=formula> and <gap desc=formula> , and possibly <gap desc=formula> will necessarily appear .
But I know now I must save up my escape attempts . 
In this relationship-building stage the worker must communicate confidence in the client's ability to deal with the problem .
As wending the crowds now part and disperse -- but we old man , Not for nothing have I brought you hither -- we must remain , You to speak in your turn , and I to listen and tell .
" Alas , I cannot make him good ," said the fairy ; " he must do that for himself .
Therefore , the third principle of the plan must be that it does not depend for effectiveness on engagement by the same types , unless at an assured favorable exchange rate .
Nevertheless , the nature and extent of T and A approvals must be such that management has assurance that supervisors or other officials know they are accountable for the approvals of an employee 's work time and absences .
After a minute he went on , `` People must think the curse is on me , seeing you fresh as an apple and me old and gray '' .
First , the claim must arise or be outstanding on the termination of the employee 's employment . 
You must not confound my meaning .
His manners , however , must have been unmarked , wavering , dubious , or she could not have been so misled .
She and Mary were actually setting forward for the Great House , where , as she afterwards learnt , they must inevitably have found him , when they were stopped by the eldest boy ' s being at that moment brought home in consequence of a bad fall .
It is the text , however , where I fear I must fault the guide at times . 
She was , of course , the object of their joint dislike .-- When they had nothing else to say , it must be always easy to begin abusing Miss Woodhouse ; and the enmity which they dared not shew in open disrespect to her , found a broader vent in contemptuous treatment of Harriet .
I must admit I relied on him a great deal when dealing with the World Council of Churches .
Must I thus leave thee $ Paradise ?
Let us look in on one of these nerve centers -- SAC at Omaha -- and see what must still happen before a wing of B-52 bombers could drop their Aj .
Those souls like to wander off , and must be called back .
I must find Maggie . 
In cases the agency resolved through mediation , men must abide by signed agreements protecting women who return to them .
He drew in deep , deep breaths of air ; then , almost quietly now , he told himself he must find Martin . 
Instances have been known of young people passing many , many months successively , without being at any ball of any description , and no material injury accrue either to body or mind ;-- but when a beginning is made -- when the felicities of rapid motion have once been , though slightly , felt -- it must be a very heavy set that does not ask for more .
15 : 53 For this corruptible must put on incorruption , and this mortal must put on immortality .
who says you MUST ?
She could imagine Mrs Clay to have said , that " now Miss Anne was come , she could not suppose herself at all wanted ;" for Elizabeth was replying in a sort of whisper , " That must not be any reason , indeed .
" I certainly must ," said she .
The problem must be faced squarely .
But we can say that since a writing poet , with leisure before him , would seem unlikely to invent a technique based upon frequent and substantial circumlocution , the kennings like the epithets must reasonably be ascribed to an oral tradition .
A local education authority must by law appoint a chief education officer ( Regan 1979:28 ) : the people appointed assume responsibilities within the major spending service provided by local government . 
23 : 26 But Balaam answered and said unto Balak , Told not I thee , saying , All that the LORD speaketh , that I must do ?
A week in arrears , and without means to pay , I must go , it is the only right thing .
He was a pure manipulator ; his brain , if he had ever had one , must have early oozed along into the muscles of his fingers .
9 : 12 And he answered and told them , Elias verily cometh first , and restoreth all things ; and how it is written of the Son of man , that he must suffer many things , and be set at nought .
` They commissioned me to write my autobiography -- oh , it must be eighteen months ago . 
31 : 14 And the LORD said unto Moses , Behold , thy days approach that thou must die : call Joshua , and present yourselves in the tabernacle of the congregation , that I may give him a charge .
All patrol units must have a buddy patrol notified and present in the event of a police matter .
It was the opinion of some of us that these must be part of the Committeemen who had been in the Battle of the North Bridge , which entitled them to a sort of veteran status , and we felt that if they employed this tactic , it was likely enough the best one .
It is clear that the skin of each pillow must originally have been fairly flexible , since the base of each pillow characteristically sags into the gap between the ones below it .
Warning : Mercury is very toxic and the switch must not be cut open in any circumstances .
An approach that has appealed to some choreographers is reminiscent of Charles Olson's statement of the process of projective verse : `` one perception must immediately and directly lead to a further perception '' .
It is made clear that this does not simply mean that each school must offer such a curriculum ; each individual pupil must take it up . 
She was quite nice to me , gave me a cup of tea , and said she knew about her father , that he was all right , and that I must n't worry . 
Is this the way I must return to native dust ?
Not I , not any one else can travel that road for you , You must travel it for yourself .
You must have done well .
All bottles must be kept a safe distance away from the pool and drinking glasses are banned in favor of plastic or metal cups .
`` If you must flog someone , let it be her , your daughter .
I am getting deaf , I must admit it '' .
It is not Nizan 's allegiance to communism which must be interpreted in the light of his resignation from the party . 
But why must she consent to be with the Eltons ?-- Here is quite a separate puzzle ."
18 : 27 And it came to pass at noon , that Elijah mocked them , and said , Cry aloud : for he is a god ; either he is talking , or he is pursuing , or he is in a journey , or peradventure he sleepeth , and must be awaked .
He catches criminals not merely because he is paid to do so ( frequently he does not receive a fee at all ) , but because he enjoys his work , because he firmly believes that murder must be punished .
Now you must insist , and insist absolutely , on the duel coming off after seven tomorrow , so as to give me the chance of preventing him from catching the 7 . 45 for Paris .
But do the plays deal with the same facets of experience religion must also deal with ? ?
It is in that context that Mies ' curious combination of ordered simplicity and sybaritic luxury must be understood .
" And , moreover , if you must go to the sea , it had better not have been to South End .
Doreen looked down at her hands , then admitted reluctantly , ` If you must know -- he told Jean he likes Lucy , and that he hopes she will never leave this place . 
Therefore generalisations made in the course of the book usually must be qualified heavily by such convenient disclaimers as ` sometimes " , or ` under certain circumstances " . 
If one wishes to discuss a literary figure who uses folklore in his work , the first thing he must realize is that the literary figure is probably part of this ignorant American public .
' But she must have a prize herself , you know ,' said the Mouse .
Diametric opposition must persist as to the future course of prices , if there is to persist a market at all .
It must be getting more serious .
One must include the preparation of soft drinks and the processing of milk and milk products .
Must I fake an interest in your mind -- ? " 
Faith I must leaue thee Loue , and shortly too : My operant Powers my Functions leaue to do : And thou shalt liue in this faire world behinde , Honour ' d , belou ' d , and haply , one as kinde .
The next document from the Enterprise must provide specifics on project management , although one problem with putting a time frame on HIV vaccine development is a fundamental one : we do not know whether it is actually possible to develop a safe and effective vaccine .
It must be all conjecture ."
You must listen to me , not merely because I know the country , which you might learn by looking at a map , but because I know the people of the country , whom you could not know by living here thirty years .
In fact , if judgments are to be rendered upon the soundness of his historicism , they must be based on scanty evidence .
So the camouflaged couple must sprint in a semblance of skating motion -- to lure another shuriken-starman with urgent gestures , and snuff him . 
no , no , Henry must have Donwell .
" As you are going farther on business , sir , I will take the opportunity of paying a visit , which must be paid some day or other , and therefore may as well be paid now .
The critic must not be niggardly with his advice nor restrain himself so politely that he is unjust .
The promise , therefore , was given , and must be performed .
However , it must be stressed that much depends upon the financial condition of the individual cities and towns involved .
" I was not thinking of the profits ," said Francisco ; " but without meaning to be ill - natured to you , Piedro , I must say that I cannot enter into any partnership with you at present ; but I will do what , perhaps , you will like as well ," said he , taking half the fruit out of his basket ; " you are heartily welcome to this ; try and sell it in the children ' s fruit market .
It is true that we must keep up our national defenses and scientific accomplishments ; ;
Fourteen minutes to be given to those with whom she had thankfully passed six weeks not six months ago !-- Emma could not but picture it all , and feel how justly they might resent , how naturally Harriet must suffer .
Said : `` There are things I must tell you about this man you are marrying which he does not know himself '' .
After sitting a long time listening to the long stories of some sailors who had just come from a plum - pudding voyage , as they called it ( that is , a short whaling - voyage in a schooner or brig , confined to the north of the line , in the Atlantic Ocean only ); after listening to these plum - puddingers till nearly eleven o ' clock , I went up stairs to go to bed , feeling quite sure by this time Queequeg must certainly have brought his Ramadan to a termination .
Joy said that this really was n't on and that they must pull up at the side of the road and try to find some stones or something with which to wedge the coffin . 
I thought it had been only a joke , but so serious a question seems to imply more ; and I must beg , therefore , that you will not deceive yourself any longer .
She must not think about time .
Elinor , who had now been for some time reflecting on the propriety or impropriety of speedily hazarding her narration , without feeling at all nearer decision than at first , heard this ; and perceiving that as reflection did nothing , resolution must do all , soon found herself leading to the fact .
`` Now , we realize what our mothers must have gone through , '' she says .
This means that after sewing a bundle of items of one color , an operator must not only change the needle thread but also put in a new bobbin for each new color of fabric .
The immense amount of interest that the new jazz had for the younger generation must have impressed him , and he began working toward the merger of jazz and poetry , as he had previously attempted the union of graphic art and poetry .
12 : 17 Thou mayest not eat within thy gates the tithe of thy corn , or of thy wine , or of thy oil , or the firstlings of thy herds or of thy flock , nor any of thy vows which thou vowest , nor thy freewill offerings , or heave offering of thine hand : 12 : 18 But thou must eat them before the LORD thy God in the place which the LORD thy God shall choose , thou , and thy son , and thy daughter , and thy manservant , and thy maidservant , and the Levite that is within thy gates : and thou shalt rejoice before the LORD thy God in all that thou puttest thine hands unto .
I always deserve the best treatment , because I never put up with any other ; and , therefore , you must give me a plain , direct answer .
The woman ( she must have been a tiny baby when Hetty and Delia had stood arm in arm , watching great age grow small ) answered the nod with her own .
I must confess when I first saw the plan , I was totally confused by it . 
To satisfy me , those characters must be united .
Land reform is one of the crucial ( and most controversial ) matters facing the newly elected Hungarian parliament and present law must be considered to be ephemeral . 
In submarine defense these must have maximum stress .
They must have kicked him very hard for it to be so tender . 
She never stopt till she had gone through the whole ; and though it was impossible not to feel that he had been wrong , yet he had been less wrong than she had supposed -- and he had suffered , and was very sorry -- and he was so grateful to Mrs . Weston , and so much in love with Miss Fairfax , and she was so happy herself , that there was no being severe ; and could he have entered the room , she must have shaken hands with him as heartily as ever .
Strikes should be declared illegal against corporations because disagreements would have to be settled by government representatives acting as controllers of the corporation whose responsibility to the state would now be defined against proprietorship because employees and proprietors must be completely interdependent , as they are each a part of the whole .
He remained at Hartfield after all the rest , his thoughts full of what he had seen ; so full , that when the candles came to assist his observations , he must -- yes , he certainly must , as a friend -- an anxious friend -- give Emma some hint , ask her some question .
She had surprised Hans like she had surprised me when she said she'd go , and then she surprised him again when she came back so quick like she must have , because when I came in with the snow she was there with a bottle with three white feathers on its label and Hans was holding it angrily by the throat .
He must have assumed that I meant trouble from the twins , for he suddenly became surprisingly loquacious . 
If they must dance , they had better dance at Randalls .
And there must be many Soviet citizens who know what is going on and who realize that before they can hope to enjoy the full life promised for 1980 they and their children must first survive .
How was she to bear the change ?-- It was true that her friend was going only half a mile from them ; but Emma was aware that great must be the difference between a Mrs . Weston , only half a mile from them , and a Miss Taylor in the house ; and with all her advantages , natural and domestic , she was now in great danger of suffering from intellectual solitude .
said Bull desperately ; " there must be some people left in the town who are human ."
The applicant must file form CHA 58 , together with the certificate of refusal .
Emma ' s pensive meditations , as she walked home , were not interrupted ; but on entering the parlour , she found those who must rouse her .
She must have known the contents of the crates , for she asked for no details , no reason why a search by the French spelled complete disaster . 
Mayor Robert F. Wagner must , as his opponents demand , assume responsibility for his performance in office .
So , despite the cooling of inflamed passions , despite the calming passage of time , Rushdie must still live his strangest of lives . 
But there was no time for shuddering , for now the savage went about something that completely fascinated my attention , and convinced me that he must indeed be a heathen .
13 : 10 And the gospel must first be published among all nations .
She felt that Mrs Musgrove and all her party ought to be asked to dine with them ; but she could not bear to have the difference of style , the reduction of servants , which a dinner must betray , witnessed by those who had been always so inferior to the Elliots of Kellynch .
`` You must have loved that girl very much , but you couldn't have meant it when you said that you wanted to kill her '' .
But after about a week he got such an appetite for crabs that nothing else would do at all ; he felt that he must have a crab .
I am saying only that until a fuller and different kind of evidence comes in , any discussion of alienation must be understood to have certain important limitations .
I ' ll tell you , Mr . Chip ," said Archer , lowering his voice , " what you must do for me , my good fellow ."
You must come to terms with the fact that some dreams and desires are never going to be fulfilled while other equally wonderful wants and wishes will take their place . 
What I am now doing indeed , seems nothing at all , since it can advance him so little towards what must be his principal , his only object of happiness .
It must be said that this technique for measuring capacitance is not particularly new . 
This must be done at the rate at which new bony tissue grows , and no faster .
I must confess that I find this deeply attractive , and I want to draw attention to a few Bible passages where I think this idea is being worked out .
Sailors work hard enough for their comforts , we must all allow ."
If he stays there too long he will slip into the dirty wind like C , so he must tack off quickly . 
We must train staff to teach as effectively as possible and should encourage them to see this as an important part of their job .
Knightley must never marry .
Perhaps the number of thinly-disguised character studies in modern fiction , from Molly Keane to Emma Tennant , are a better tribute to her than anything else , not all of them flattering , it must be said . 
For a start it 's got a village atmosphere which I must say we find rather agreeable . 
Obviously , the four year provision limits this to fundamentals and much desirable material must be eliminated .
To be admitted to practice law , every attorney must take a professional oath to promote justice - - and every state 's ethical rules include language indicating lawyers ' responsibility to be guardians of fair play for those living in poverty .
Recent business projections for Las Vegas predict challenges ; tourism revenues must increase substantially to sustain what is already built , while actual figures show visitation as steady or declining .
Scrutinising this familiar object revealed some untidy details in the first movement : the performers have not quite solved the problem of what must be one of the cruellest openings for an orchestra ever devised .
If you mail A return or tax payment , you must place it in the mails in ample time to reach the district director on or before the due date .
But the time has come when we that cannot speak must speak .
J. Wheaton Smith , editor of the Warren Telegraph stated that `` the ends of justice must be satisfied , a solitary example must be set , in order that all those misnamed philantropists , who , actuated by a blind zeal , dare to instigate riot , treason , and murder , may heed it and shape their future course accordingly '' .
Musharraf told a tribal jirga , or traditional council , in Peshawar on Monday that military operations in the border area must produce results .
We goad baseball player Albert Belle so much that All - Star - game manager Joe Torre must confine him to the dugout .
The servant opened the door wider , to let him pass , and Marianne thought she must follow her brother : so they went downstairs together , while Sophy gave her own message to the servant , and quietly stayed at her usual occupations .
" Must not this evening be given to the most amiable ?
mortifying and humiliating must be the origin of those regrets , which SHE could wish her not to indulge !
Then he said ` Eliza -- I must part from thee , for friends await me in the forest . 
let me just murmur , And do you wait a moment you husky - nois ' d sea , For somewhere I believe I heard my mate responding to me , So faint , I must be still , be still to listen , But not altogether still , for then she might not come immediately to me .
For a truthful picture of India in 1947 , you must turn to fiction . 
How could he forget that in his Island days , Queequeg , for one , must certainly have been guilty of some murderous , convivial indiscretions .
Cleaned cloth must be protected against the redeposition of dispersed soil .
But there must have been something in me that answered to the nerves in all these anarchic men .
Therefore , the plan's fifth principle must be that it capitalize on the capabilities of all elements in combination .
But tests by a Government inspector , Farrow , have revealed the pesticide is lethal to all insect life , and for this reason production must stop . 
He explained that first I must promise not to fight against Lilliput or hurt Lilliputians , and that I must be searched for weapons . 
In time you will come to a stone vestibule , with two doors leading to branching passages you must not follow , and a low curtained door leading on and downwards . 
I figured she must have been a masochist .
they were not like real scenes -- Archer must know best , because he was used to these things ."
Until such work is done , there must remain the nagging suspicion that alienation may be little more than an expression of the malaise of the intellectual , who , rejected by and in turn rejecting the larger society , projects his own fear and despair onto the broader social screen .
Now and then with a shock and rattle they went through sleeping moonlit villages , which must have stirred an instant in their sleep as at the passing of a fugitive earthquake .
At last the Dodo said , ' EVERYBODY has won , and all must have prizes .'
It must be accepted that at the end of the interview the child may have given no information to support the suspicion of [ sexual ] abuse and the position will remain unclear. 9 . 
" I am quite sure ," he replied , speaking very distinctly , " that he told me she had accepted him ; and that there was no obscurity , nothing doubtful , in the words he used ; and I think I can give you a proof that it must be so .
One might guess twenty things without guessing exactly the right ; but I am sure there must be a particular cause for her chusing to come to Highbury instead of going with the Campbells to Ireland .
" I promise you to make none for myself , papa ; but I must , indeed , for other people .
Hence every society no matter how simple or complex must differentiate persons in terms of both prestige and esteem and must therefore possess a certain amount of institutionalised inequality ( Davis and Moore 1945 p. 243 ) . 
Moreover , on complex projects , design work must be completed and orders for machinery and equipment placed months or even years before construction can commence .
" My love ," said her mother , " you must not be offended with Elinor -- she was only in jest .
" You must , however , acknowledge ," replied De Grey , smiling , " that no man but a fool thinks it honourable to be in the wrong AT LAST .
Thus , when more than one distinct form leads to a particular cell in the X-region , a chain of information cells must be created to accommodate the forms , one cell in the chain for each form .
My visit must have alarmed him to the extent that he decided to check again to ensure he had n't left any clues . 
Concession must be out of the question ; but it was time to appear to forget that they had ever quarrelled ; and she hoped it might rather assist the restoration of friendship , that when he came into the room she had one of the children with her -- the youngest , a nice little girl about eight months old , who was now making her first visit to Hartfield , and very happy to be danced about in her aunt ' s arms .
It must at least equal the weight of fifty atmospheres .
Unfortunately the fireworks must have seeded the thick clouds overhead because it absolutely poured with rain , and we got soaked . 
She must be cautious so as not to alert the scheming forest .
Words or phrases that connoisseurs have admired as handsome or ironic or humorous must therefore lose merit and become regarded as mere inevitable time-servers , sometimes accurate and sometimes not .
What totally different feelings did Emma take back into the house from what she had brought out !-- she had then been only daring to hope for a little respite of suffering ;-- she was now in an exquisite flutter of happiness , and such happiness moreover as she believed must still be greater when the flutter should have passed away .
It goes without saying that once the primary structure has failed there must be provision for the failure to be detected by some means before the redundant structure itself is weakened by continuous flight loads .
A disclaimer in the introduction warns that there are few biographical entries on contemporary performers because " most must await the judgment of history upon completion of their performing careers .
repeated Edward --" but why must you have hunters ?
' It must be a very pretty dance ,' said Alice timidly .
You like Mr . Elton , papa ,-- I must look about for a wife for him .
1 : 1 The Revelation of Jesus Christ , which God gave unto him , to shew unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass ; and he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John : 1 : 2 Who bare record of the word of God , and of the testimony of Jesus Christ , and of all things that he saw .
( An actor must have discipline .
Ay , to be sure , he must be ordained in readiness ; and I am very glad to find things are so forward between you .
You must promise me not to sit up ."
I must have looked embarrassed when she handed it over because they both turned their backs while I slipped my old dress off and slipped the new one on .
He heard Flambeau say to Fanshaw that no doubt this meant the pilot must keep both eyes open and be spry .
My call is the call of battle , I nourish active rebellion , He going with me must go well arm ' d , He going with me goes often with spare diet , poverty , angry enemies , desertions .
Her wretchedness I could have borne , but her passion -- her malice -- At all events it must be appeased .
“ You must think I 'm a very stupid person ! ” 
If Hell exists , it must consist of being eternally sick on a ship which crosses the Narrow Seas but never reaches shore . 
The possibility has to be ruled out that the medium's ESP may tap the memory of the sitter , and to do this , the two central characters in this drama must be separated .
" Why , to own the truth ," cried Miss Bates , who had been trying in vain to be heard the last two minutes , " if I must speak on this subject , there is no denying that Mr . Frank Churchill might have -- I do not mean to say that he did not dream it -- I am sure I have sometimes the oddest dreams in the world -- but if I am questioned about it , I must acknowledge that there was such an idea last spring ; for Mrs . Perry herself mentioned it to my mother , and the Coles knew of it as well as ourselves -- but it was quite a secret , known to nobody else , and only thought of about three days .
' We must burn the house down !'
Anne knew that Lady Russell must be suffering some pain in understanding and relinquishing Mr Elliot , and be making some struggles to become truly acquainted with , and do justice to Captain Wentworth .
For now , since by many prolonged , repeated experiences , I have perceived that in all cases man must eventually lower , or at least shift , his conceit of attainable felicity ; not placing it anywhere in the intellect or the fancy ; but in the wife , the heart , the bed , the table , the saddle , the fireside , the country ; now that I have perceived all this , I am ready to squeeze case eternally .
" But , Captain Wentworth ," cried Louisa , " how vexed you must have been when you came to the Asp , to see what an old thing they had given you ."
We cannibals must help these Christians ."
Melanie wondered if they would go to church , to Midnight Mass , because she , in a muddled way , thought they must be religious if they believed so firmly in Hell .
Lifted by those eternal swells , you needs must own the seductive god , bowing your head to Pan .
A strong scent of wine and onions wafted up from him : a tart , sickly smell that mixed with the heavy mustiness of the room . 
The flights must be booked between today and midnight on New Year 's Day and tickets remain valid until the end of March . 
He realised how odd he must look , sitting up in bed , silver bristling his cheeks , coffee mug in one hand , long-barrelled pistol in the other . 
` Alex Household must have said it just before he shot the gun ; Micky heard it over the deaf-aid and just repeated it . " 
Nay , you must not refuse me - - I have set my heart upon the cow being milked by you this very evening ; and I ' ll produce my best bunches of grapes , and my father , perhaps , will give us a melon ; for I ' ve had no time for melons this season ; and I ' ll step to Naples and invite -- may I , mother ?-- my good friends , dear Carlo and your favourite little Rosetta , and my old drawing master , and my friend Arthur , and we ' ll sup with you at your dairy ."
“ Of course , she must live with the tragedy of her daughter 's suicide for the rest of her life … ”  
In mourning , you see , just as our Mr Elliot must be .
But in symbolism as you use it in this instance , I must , I think , concede a certain truth .
but , as a second-look safeguard , each new project must undergo a Board of Estimate public hearing before construction proceeds .
This must be Seawood , I think -- Lord Pooley ' s experiment ; he had the Sicilian Singers down at Christmas , and there ' s talk about holding one of the great glove - fights here .
We must exchange hostage for hostage .
He must think himself a most agreeable fellow ; I could not do such a thing .
You danced two tangos and a paso doble , which must have been fairly enervating in that milieu .
Common sense would have directed her to tell Harriet , that she must not allow herself to think of him , and that there were five hundred chances to one against his ever caring for her .--" But , with common sense ," she added , " I am afraid I have had little to do ."
Mr . Weston , on his side , added a virtue to the account which must have some weight .
He must think of others who have a stake in the question and in its answer .
He must have parked around the front of the motel . 
He telephoned L. M. Birkhead and asked him and his wife to come to Europe as his guests , but Birkhead declined on the grounds that one of them must be in the United States when Elmer Gantry was published .
The Director of Swaziland 's Curriculum Research and Development Unit at Manzini must motor miles to Mbabane if he wants to see the Chief Education Officer . 
" One ought to use the same caution , perhaps , in judging of the conduct of any one individual of any one family ; but Enscombe , I believe , certainly must not be judged by general rules : _she_ is so very unreasonable ; and every thing gives way to her ."
Before you can view any piece of your garment in the EXACT STITCH LAYOUT section , you must enter the details of your main stitch tension on the TENSIONS screen . 
Montagu apart , there was unanimous agreement that his challenge must be resisted , and that Asquith could best do this by resigning . 
Barnett , as the titular head of the Democratic party , apparently must make the move to reestablish relations with the national Democratic party or see a movement come from the loyalist ranks to completely bypass him as a party functionary .
It must at this point be noted that it is only philosophers of science who cook up these theories about the ideal form of scientific reasoning . 
`` I must then be standing on the line between France and Germany '' .
But you , who have known Miss Fairfax from a child , must be a better judge of her character , and of how she is likely to conduct herself in critical situations , than I can be ."
The article also said that a person had to be 18 years old or over , and must not be going to high school to attend these classes .
She had never been staying there before , without being struck by it , or without wishing that other Elliots could have her advantage in seeing how unknown , or unconsidered there , were the affairs which at Kellynch Hall were treated as of such general publicity and pervading interest ; yet , with all this experience , she believed she must now submit to feel that another lesson , in the art of knowing our own nothingness beyond our own circle , was become necessary for her ; for certainly , coming as she did , with a heart full of the subject which had been completely occupying both houses in Kellynch for many weeks , she had expected rather more curiosity and sympathy than she found in the separate but very similar remark of Mr and Mrs Musgrove : " So , Miss Anne , Sir Walter and your sister are gone ; and what part of Bath do you think they will settle in ?"
They are put on special diets and must be in tip-top shape before they go into the ring . " 
The country must build a working repository by about 1998 . 
" It must be brought up before night - fall for the butcher , remember ."
` If I must collect their newspaper , I 'll do it my own way " 
To satisfy such children , it was suggested , nothing but the local and familiar must be introduced into their curriculum . 
But say , if our Deliverer up to Heaven Must re - ascend , what will betide the few His faithful , left among the unfaithful herd , The enemies of truth ?
Of course , there must be clarity : a single distinct impression is more valuable than many fuzzy ones .
it will attempt to establish that there is one human history , with one truth and one intelligibility -- not by considering the material content of this history , but by demonstrating that a practical multiplicity , whatever it may be , must unceasingly totalise itself through interiorizing its multiplicity at all levels . 
But there is only one thing that can make the hair on the head of Farmer Brown ' s boy rise , and as it isn ' t anger , of course it must be fear .
It must relate to my first sight of my mother 's genitals -- but not the last -- for we lived in just one room . 
Must I giue way , and roome to your rash Choller ?
The intended effect , within the province , must be to so terrify the nationalist population that more will turn their backs on Sinn Fein and the IRA . 
Those rocky islands the ship had passed were the resort of great numbers of seals , and some young seals that had lost their dams , or some dams that had lost their cubs , must have risen nigh the ship and kept company with her , crying and sobbing with their human sort of wail .
exclaimed Louisa ; " then I am sure you must have done something VERY naughty ."
" It ' s a song , seemingly ; it must be somebody that has a mind to make an April fool of me ."
8 O western orb sailing the heaven , Now I know what you must have meant as a month since I walk ' d , As I walk ' d in silence the transparent shadowy night , As I saw you had something to tell as you bent to me night after night , As you droop ' d from the sky low down as if to my side , ( while the other stars all look ' d on ,) As we wander ' d together the solemn night , ( for something I know not what kept me from sleep ,) As the night advanced , and I saw on the rim of the west how full you were of woe , As I stood on the rising ground in the breeze in the cool transparent night , As I watch ' d where you pass ' d and was lost in the netherward black of the night , As my soul in its trouble dissatisfied sank , as where you sad orb , Concluded , dropt in the night , and was gone .
They must lead somewhere -- to something else than common land , more palmy than the palms .
" Why , if you are asked , you must tell the truth , to be sure .
` If you do not wish people to become interested , you must tie your scarf more securely . 
This information was accepted with the frequent interpretation that those persons who did not show arm-levitation must be preventing it .
These women whose organization grew out of the old suffrage movement are dedicated to Thomas Jefferson's dictum that one must cherish the people's spirit but `` Keep alive their attention '' .
For Mercury to have an iron core which is wholly or substantially molten today it must either possess significant quantities of U , Th and K in the core and deep mantle , or tidal heating by the Sun must be particularly powerful , or the solar wind must be efficient at inducing electric currents in the core .
Leading them must be R. K. Cope , who took pictures of the trackbed , complete with rails , bridges etc , together with a number of shots of stations with rolling stock standing in them .
And still this hair is growing now ; this moment growing , and heat must breed it ; but no , it ' s like that sort of common grass that will grow anywhere , between the earthy clefts of Greenland ice or in Vesuvius lava .
she cried , And mother and father must peep inside .
How the trampers might have behaved , had the young ladies been more courageous , must be doubtful ; but such an invitation for attack could not be resisted ; and Harriet was soon assailed by half a dozen children , headed by a stout woman and a great boy , all clamorous , and impertinent in look , though not absolutely in word .-- More and more frightened , she immediately promised them money , and taking out her purse , gave them a shilling , and begged them not to want more , or to use her ill .-- She was then able to walk , though but slowly , and was moving away -- but her terror and her purse were too tempting , and she was followed , or rather surrounded , by the whole gang , demanding more .
Obviously the rig does not always conveniently lie in this position for you , so you must swim the rig into position with a strong leg action .
In the end , the poems must be read as expressions of sheer delight in friendship . 
That 's a voluntary sacrifice , and so ( in the judgment of those who choose to buy ) it must be more than compensated for by the benefits of ownership .
` You are both from the south parts , so you must talk to one another , " said Kate . 
But as to the hunter , you must call upon Talbot -- do you understand ?
Through the World Bank and other instrumentalities , as well as through individual action by every nation in position to help , we must squarely face this titanic challenge .
Do not for euer with thy veyled lids Seeke for thy Noble Father in the dust ; Thou know ' st ' tis common , all that liues must dye , Passing through Nature , to Eternity
So vague , indeed , is Mustakimzade that one is led to suspect that he doubts the validity of Abdulkerim 's claim to the Muftilik . 
" My being charming , Harriet , is not quite enough to induce me to marry ; I must find other people charming -- one other person at least .
Then the young woman laughed merrily , her voice strengthening after what must have been years of silence , and the whole strange cellar rang with that laughter , and the glass fragments tinkled like broken bells . 
The expedient thing -- yes , very true , one must make do as one could , in some situations .
Apparently there must have been very heavy rain higher up the dale because there had been some flooding and the river was running very fast . 
It must allow plenty of ventilation or the condensation that will form inside the tank could not only encourage the spread of disease but also , in extreme cases , drown the caterpillars . 
` You must understand that my husband 's death has been most upsetting , " she said in a quiet , tuneful voice . 
" We must , then , pick out the best for him ," at the same time singling out a tempting bunch .
` If you will not permit me to skate you must at least allow me to stand near the ice . 
